---
layout: post
title:  Getting Business Savvy - The Legal Side
permalink: getting-business-savvy-the-legal-side
---
When setting up any business it’s important to make sure that you are on the
right side of the law and completely above board. Luckily, (particularly if
you are starting out in the UK at the moment), there is increasing amounts of
legislation aimed at [ making life easier for small business owners as part of
the government's aim to encourage entrepreneurship
](http://www.theguardian.com/small-business-network/2013/dec/17/outlook-
entrepreneurs-2014-investors) . This post is about making sure you tick all
the boxes on the legal side.  First of all, you will need to name your
business in order to [ register ](https://www.gov.uk/set-up-business-
uk/register-your-business-in-the-uk) it. You will probably have a lot of your
own ideas about what you want to call it but one pointer is to include the
word “Tuition” in it’s name so that what you do is implicit to your target
market! For a tutoring business in the initial stages a [ sole proprietorship
](http://www.sba.gov/content/sole-proprietorship-0) should be fine. If you are
starting out with someone else you will register it as a [ partnership
](https://www.gov.uk/set-up-business-partnership) . It is also best to check
with the city and county council requirements of where you are based to check
if you need any specific licences, but at this point you should be fine.  At
this point you will either have created a company logo or be about to in order
to brand identify your tutoring business. This will need to be patented as you
will need to [ protect your intellectual property
](https://www.gov.uk/intellectual-property-an-overview) to prevent your brand
being copied.  If you have decided that the administration is too much for you
alone and want to employ someone else it is also required that you take out [
employer liability insurance. ](http://www.hse.gov.uk/pubns/hse40.pdf) You may
also want to ask an agent whether you will need business insurance. Make sure
that you are protecting yourself and your company.

When setting up any business it’s important to make sure that you are on the
right side of the law and completely above board. Luckily, (particularly if
you are starting out in the UK at the moment), there is increasing amounts of
legislation aimed at [ making life easier for small business owners as part of
the government's aim to encourage entrepreneurship
](http://www.theguardian.com/small-business-network/2013/dec/17/outlook-
entrepreneurs-2014-investors) . This post is about making sure you tick all
the boxes on the legal side.  First of all, you will need to name your
business in order to [ register ](https://www.gov.uk/set-up-business-
uk/register-your-business-in-the-uk) it. You will probably have a lot of your
own ideas about what you want to call it but one pointer is to include the
word “Tuition” in it’s name so that what you do is implicit to your target
market! For a tutoring business in the initial stages a [ sole proprietorship
](http://www.sba.gov/content/sole-proprietorship-0) should be fine. If you are
starting out with someone else you will register it as a [ partnership
](https://www.gov.uk/set-up-business-partnership) . It is also best to check
with the city and county council requirements of where you are based to check
if you need any specific licences, but at this point you should be fine.

At this point you will either have created a company logo or be about to in
order to brand identify your tutoring business. This will need to be patented
as you will need to [ protect your intellectual property
](https://www.gov.uk/intellectual-property-an-overview) to prevent your brand
being copied.

If you have decided that the administration is too much for you alone and want
to employ someone else it is also required that you take out [ employer
liability insurance. ](http://www.hse.gov.uk/pubns/hse40.pdf) You may also
want to ask an agent whether you will need business insurance. Make sure that
you are protecting yourself and your company.

When setting up any business it’s important to make sure that you are on the
right side of the law and completely above board. Luckily, (particularly if
you are starting out in the UK at the moment), there is increasing amounts of
legislation aimed at [ making life easier for small business owners as part of
the government's aim to encourage entrepreneurship
](http://www.theguardian.com/small-business-network/2013/dec/17/outlook-
entrepreneurs-2014-investors) . This post is about making sure you tick all
the boxes on the legal side.  First of all, you will need to name your
business in order to [ register ](https://www.gov.uk/set-up-business-
uk/register-your-business-in-the-uk) it. You will probably have a lot of your
own ideas about what you want to call it but one pointer is to include the
word “Tuition” in it’s name so that what you do is implicit to your target
market! For a tutoring business in the initial stages a [ sole proprietorship
](http://www.sba.gov/content/sole-proprietorship-0) should be fine. If you are
starting out with someone else you will register it as a [ partnership
](https://www.gov.uk/set-up-business-partnership) . It is also best to check
with the city and county council requirements of where you are based to check
if you need any specific licences, but at this point you should be fine.

At this point you will either have created a company logo or be about to in
order to brand identify your tutoring business. This will need to be patented
as you will need to [ protect your intellectual property
](https://www.gov.uk/intellectual-property-an-overview) to prevent your brand
being copied.

If you have decided that the administration is too much for you alone and want
to employ someone else it is also required that you take out [ employer
liability insurance. ](http://www.hse.gov.uk/pubns/hse40.pdf) You may also
want to ask an agent whether you will need business insurance. Make sure that
you are protecting yourself and your company.

When setting up any business it’s important to make sure that you are on the
right side of the law and completely above board. Luckily, (particularly if
you are starting out in the UK at the moment), there is increasing amounts of
legislation aimed at [ making life easier for small business owners as part of
the government's aim to encourage entrepreneurship
](http://www.theguardian.com/small-business-network/2013/dec/17/outlook-
entrepreneurs-2014-investors) . This post is about making sure you tick all
the boxes on the legal side.  First of all, you will need to name your
business in order to [ register ](https://www.gov.uk/set-up-business-
uk/register-your-business-in-the-uk) it. You will probably have a lot of your
own ideas about what you want to call it but one pointer is to include the
word “Tuition” in it’s name so that what you do is implicit to your target
market! For a tutoring business in the initial stages a [ sole proprietorship
](http://www.sba.gov/content/sole-proprietorship-0) should be fine. If you are
starting out with someone else you will register it as a [ partnership
](https://www.gov.uk/set-up-business-partnership) . It is also best to check
with the city and county council requirements of where you are based to check
if you need any specific licences, but at this point you should be fine.

At this point you will either have created a company logo or be about to in
order to brand identify your tutoring business. This will need to be patented
as you will need to [ protect your intellectual property
](https://www.gov.uk/intellectual-property-an-overview) to prevent your brand
being copied.

If you have decided that the administration is too much for you alone and want
to employ someone else it is also required that you take out [ employer
liability insurance. ](http://www.hse.gov.uk/pubns/hse40.pdf) You may also
want to ask an agent whether you will need business insurance. Make sure that
you are protecting yourself and your company.
