---
layout: post
title:  "Tutoring &amp; Taxation"
permalink: tutoring-taxation
---
As previously discussed your tutoring business will depend upon its
reputation. When it comes to money matters it is best to have complete
transparency. Like setting up any business you will have to immediately
declare yourself as [ self-employed ](http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/sa/) to HMRC
within three months. The sooner that you do this the better, as you may have
to pay a penalty if you do not. [ Tell HMRC you are a new business, new
employer, or new to VAT ](https://online.hmrc.gov.uk/registration/options) .
It is also best to invoice every client so that you can keep track of your
earnings and trace your progress. Accepting one-time cash payments will only
marr your reputation for the future as a squeaky clean and trustworthy
tutoring business.

As well as registering for HMRC taxes, you’ll need to arrange to pay Class 2
National Insurance contributions straight away. You’ll need to pay £2.65 per
week for the 2012-13 tax year (2013 – 2014 details have not been updated yet).
The simplest way to do this is to [ pay by direct debit. ](https://tutorcrunch
er.com/blog/Go%20to%20form%20CA5601%20Application%20to%20pay%20Class%202%20con
tributions%20by%20Direct%20Debit)

As a tutoring business it is likely that you will either be planning to, or
already have, employed tutors. In this case please refer to this [ form
](http://www.hmrc.gov.uk/payerti/getting-started-more/index.htm) in order to
get to grips with your responsibilities as an employer.

## Although not the most riveting of matters you need to keep business savvy!
Let us know how you keep on top of your taxes...
