---
layout: post
title:  "Communication is Key"
permalink: communication-is-key
---
In the world today an online presence is crucial. Whatever the size or stage
of your business, establishing yourself in the world of social media is a
must. You need to be regularly  [ Twittering ](https://twitter.com/) , on  [
Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/) , on  [ LinkedIn
](http://www.linkedin.com/) , and blogging. Clients are ten times more likely
to visit a website if it features a blog.

Once having set up these profiles they need to be consistently maintained.
There needs to be frequent updates, retweets and active engagement with your
Friends and Followers in order to reap the benefits of social media. One easy
way of doing this is using [ HootSuite ](http://signup.hootsuite.com/pro-
ent/?gclid=CPadm_Gx8bsCFc3KtAodHwoA1w) . In the case of a tutoring business
you can use your social media to recruit new tutors, interact with your
competitors and follow your clients. If you aren't sure what to Tweet about
stick to featuring relevant articles about education. By sharing content that
is of value to your followers you will build a relationship; thus becoming
more dimensional than just another tutoring business.

## Is there anything you would add to the topic of communication? How do
you connect with new clients? **

In the world today an online presence is crucial. Whatever the size or stage
of your business, establishing yourself in the world of social media is a
must. You need to be regularly  [ Twittering ](https://twitter.com/) , on  [
Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/) , on  [ LinkedIn
](http://www.linkedin.com/) , and blogging. Clients are ten times more likely
to visit a website if it features a blog.

Once having set up these profiles they need to be consistently maintained.
There needs to be frequent updates, retweets and active engagement with your
Friends and Followers in order to reap the benefits of social media. One easy
way of doing this is using [ HootSuite ](http://signup.hootsuite.com/pro-
ent/?gclid=CPadm_Gx8bsCFc3KtAodHwoA1w) .

In the case of a tutoring business you can use your social media to recruit
new tutors, interact with your competitors and follow your clients. If you
aren't sure what to Tweet about stick to featuring relevant articles about
education. By sharing content that is of value to your followers you will
build a relationship; thus becoming more dimensional than just another
tutoring business.

## Is there anything you would add to the topic of communication? How do
you connect with new clients? **

In the world today an online presence is crucial. Whatever the size or stage
of your business, establishing yourself in the world of social media is a
must. You need to be regularly  [ Twittering ](https://twitter.com/) , on  [
Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/) , on  [ LinkedIn
](http://www.linkedin.com/) , and blogging. Clients are ten times more likely
to visit a website if it features a blog.

Once having set up these profiles they need to be consistently maintained.
There needs to be frequent updates, retweets and active engagement with your
Friends and Followers in order to reap the benefits of social media. One easy
way of doing this is using [ HootSuite ](http://signup.hootsuite.com/pro-
ent/?gclid=CPadm_Gx8bsCFc3KtAodHwoA1w) .

In the case of a tutoring business you can use your social media to recruit
new tutors, interact with your competitors and follow your clients. If you
aren't sure what to Tweet about stick to featuring relevant articles about
education. By sharing content that is of value to your followers you will
build a relationship; thus becoming more dimensional than just another
tutoring business.

## Is there anything you would add to the topic of communication? How do
you connect with new clients? **

In the world today an online presence is crucial. Whatever the size or stage
of your business, establishing yourself in the world of social media is a
must. You need to be regularly  [ Twittering ](https://twitter.com/) , on  [
Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/) , on  [ LinkedIn
](http://www.linkedin.com/) , and blogging. Clients are ten times more likely
to visit a website if it features a blog.

Once having set up these profiles they need to be consistently maintained.
There needs to be frequent updates, retweets and active engagement with your
Friends and Followers in order to reap the benefits of social media. One easy
way of doing this is using [ HootSuite ](http://signup.hootsuite.com/pro-
ent/?gclid=CPadm_Gx8bsCFc3KtAodHwoA1w) .

In the case of a tutoring business you can use your social media to recruit
new tutors, interact with your competitors and follow your clients. If you
aren't sure what to Tweet about stick to featuring relevant articles about
education. By sharing content that is of value to your followers you will
build a relationship; thus becoming more dimensional than just another
tutoring business.

## Is there anything you would add to the topic of communication? How do
you connect with new clients? **
