---
layout: post
title:  "Getting Business Savvy – The Operational Side"
permalink: getting-business-savvy-the-operational-side
---
Running a tutoring business is not as easy as it sounds. It requires a lot of
meticulous planning and organisational skills. Your role on the operational
side is to ensure that you make good judgement calls in introducing the right
tutor to the pupil. You have to make certain that there is a meeting place and
time for the tutoring to happen. The simplest way to do this is to see if the
tutor can travel to the client’s home at a convenient time. In short, the
secret to running a tutoring business is to sort out logistics and be an
enabler. This can however be very time-consuming.

In order to do this properly you need to sort out your operation headquarters.
Where will you be based? Can you do this alone? If not, is it time to employ
someone? Where will my office be? (At the beginning a feasibly cheap option is
to run a tuition business from home). All of these questions need to be
considered so you can work out how you are going to structure your company.
The back-end of your business needs to be a haven of organisation if you are
going to deliver a successful service and project a positive image.

The next step will be to formulate your Service Provision Process – how will
you/ your staff answer the phone? Most importantly there needs to be
consistency. This is all part of building your brand. Within the first few
minutes they will have to establish where the potential client lives (and
whether this is in your radius), which subject and level they/ their child
needs help with, and whether they can afford your rates. All of this
information, alongside telephone number and email contact should be jotted
down and then inserted into your database of current/ potential clients. For
marketing purposes – in order to see what works – it is also a good idea to
find out where they heard about your company. Local newspaper? Personal
recommendation? Online? If a good match you can then progress to the tutor
registration process.

After this, you (or the person answering the telephone) will have to outline
the payment process to your new client. All of this information MUST be
succinct, consistent and logically outlined in order to ensure good customer
service.

## Where did you start your business? and where are you now?
