---
layout: post
title:  Our Background
permalink: our-background
---
TutorCruncher is a tuition management software designed and built by Malachy
Guinness, Woody Webster and a team of innovative developers. Having already
established [ Bright Young Things ](http://www.brightyoungthings.co.uk/) ,
Malachy and Woody new all too well of the endless paperwork and administration
that naturally comes from operating a people oriented company. Initially
TutorCruncher was developed to stop shoehorning Bright Young Things' operation
into a generic software. With their bespoke software the whole tuition
process, from recruiting new tutors, placing them with suitable students,
working out the correct billing rates and eventually issuing the invoices,
lesson reports and payment orders became plain sailing. “We have doubled in
size over the last year and a half but do not have the need to take on more
staff”, said Woody. “The system is that efficient, it has saved us the cost of
at least two full time members of staff”. The use of TutorCruncher has cut
down the time spent on admin to a minimum and allowed Bright Young Things to
focus on the important part of their organisation; the relationships with the
clients that make up the business. It has been such a success that Malachy and
Woody are now offering it to other industry providers and so far the take up
has been fantastic. More than 40 UK based tutoring companies and educational
providers, including Gabbitas and Bonas Macfarlane are now using it with great
success. Tutorcruncher has set out to revolutionise the way in which the world
of tutoring is operated in the UK and abroad and judging by the success so far
they are heading in the right direction.
