---
layout: post
title:  "Approaching your Tutoring Services"
permalink: approaching-your-tutoring-services
---
Starting a tutoring business is not just a matter of starting a tutoring
business. As we started to address in the blog, ‘Find your Niche’, there are
many options to choose from concerning which educational level you will teach
and the way in which you will teach it. When starting out it is best
specialise in the topics you are most familiar with yourself. Having
ascertained the boundaries of that field and sourced your tutors it is time to
choose whether you will offer only private sessions or whether group teaching
is an option. Many tutoring companies choose to only focus on one-on-one
sessions as the bespoke nature of tailored individual learning can often be a
good marketing point.

There are however some advantages to small-group learning so it is an option
worth considering. A team-based approach can not only encourage competition
but also be an effective, cost-viable option for parents who can’t
consistently afford one-on-one learning.

Whichever option you choose, you need to ensure that your teaching levels are
excellent. Obviously this does in part depend on the calibre of your tutors.
Yet at the same time you need to develop your method and teaching resources.
You must determine and instil your method or teaching philosophy into your
tutors - your brand representatives. This must illustrate that your approach
to teaching aims to help the student connect with the subject matter. Examples
of the values you uphold as a tutoring business could be things such as
promoting the joy of learning, interactivity and bolstering a child’s chance
of success. You decide. These principles will enthuse your tutors whilst
encouraging parents that you are the right tutoring company for their child.
Once you have consolidated your mission, vision and values and have sourced
your tutoring team you are on your way.

## Do you have any tips on how to ensure your tutors match your vision?

Starting a tutoring business is not just a matter of starting a tutoring
business. As we started to address in the blog, ‘Find your Niche’, there are
many options to choose from concerning which educational level you will teach
and the way in which you will teach it.

When starting out it is best specialise in the topics you are most familiar
with yourself. Having ascertained the boundaries of that field and sourced
your tutors it is time to choose whether you will offer only private sessions
or whether group teaching is an option. Many tutoring companies choose to only
focus on one-on-one sessions as the bespoke nature of tailored individual
learning can often be a good marketing point.

There are however some advantages to small-group learning so it is an option
worth considering. A team-based approach can not only encourage competition
but also be an effective, cost-viable option for parents who can’t
consistently afford one-on-one learning.

Whichever option you choose, you need to ensure that your teaching levels are
excellent. Obviously this does in part depend on the calibre of your tutors.
Yet at the same time you need to develop your method and teaching resources.
You must determine and instil your method or teaching philosophy into your
tutors - your brand representatives. This must illustrate that your approach
to teaching aims to help the student connect with the subject matter. Examples
of the values you uphold as a tutoring business could be things such as
promoting the joy of learning, interactivity and bolstering a child’s chance
of success. You decide. These principles will enthuse your tutors whilst
encouraging parents that you are the right tutoring company for their child.

Once you have consolidated your mission, vision and values and have sourced
your tutoring team you are on your way.

## Do you have any tips on how to ensure your tutors match your vision?

Starting a tutoring business is not just a matter of starting a tutoring
business. As we started to address in the blog, ‘Find your Niche’, there are
many options to choose from concerning which educational level you will teach
and the way in which you will teach it.

When starting out it is best specialise in the topics you are most familiar
with yourself. Having ascertained the boundaries of that field and sourced
your tutors it is time to choose whether you will offer only private sessions
or whether group teaching is an option. Many tutoring companies choose to only
focus on one-on-one sessions as the bespoke nature of tailored individual
learning can often be a good marketing point.

There are however some advantages to small-group learning so it is an option
worth considering. A team-based approach can not only encourage competition
but also be an effective, cost-viable option for parents who can’t
consistently afford one-on-one learning.

Whichever option you choose, you need to ensure that your teaching levels are
excellent. Obviously this does in part depend on the calibre of your tutors.
Yet at the same time you need to develop your method and teaching resources.
You must determine and instil your method or teaching philosophy into your
tutors - your brand representatives. This must illustrate that your approach
to teaching aims to help the student connect with the subject matter. Examples
of the values you uphold as a tutoring business could be things such as
promoting the joy of learning, interactivity and bolstering a child’s chance
of success. You decide. These principles will enthuse your tutors whilst
encouraging parents that you are the right tutoring company for their child.

Once you have consolidated your mission, vision and values and have sourced
your tutoring team you are on your way.

## Do you have any tips on how to ensure your tutors match your vision?

Starting a tutoring business is not just a matter of starting a tutoring
business. As we started to address in the blog, ‘Find your Niche’, there are
many options to choose from concerning which educational level you will teach
and the way in which you will teach it.

When starting out it is best specialise in the topics you are most familiar
with yourself. Having ascertained the boundaries of that field and sourced
your tutors it is time to choose whether you will offer only private sessions
or whether group teaching is an option. Many tutoring companies choose to only
focus on one-on-one sessions as the bespoke nature of tailored individual
learning can often be a good marketing point.

There are however some advantages to small-group learning so it is an option
worth considering. A team-based approach can not only encourage competition
but also be an effective, cost-viable option for parents who can’t
consistently afford one-on-one learning.

Whichever option you choose, you need to ensure that your teaching levels are
excellent. Obviously this does in part depend on the calibre of your tutors.
Yet at the same time you need to develop your method and teaching resources.
You must determine and instil your method or teaching philosophy into your
tutors - your brand representatives. This must illustrate that your approach
to teaching aims to help the student connect with the subject matter. Examples
of the values you uphold as a tutoring business could be things such as
promoting the joy of learning, interactivity and bolstering a child’s chance
of success. You decide. These principles will enthuse your tutors whilst
encouraging parents that you are the right tutoring company for their child.

Once you have consolidated your mission, vision and values and have sourced
your tutoring team you are on your way.

## Do you have any tips on how to ensure your tutors match your vision?
