---
layout: post
title:  Promote, promote, promote
permalink: promote-promote-promote
---
When you are starting out and there isn’t a big business budget to spend on [
Google AdWords, ](https://adwords.google.com/cm/CampaignMgmt?__u=7711052929&__
c=5813627809#r.ONLINE&app=cm) it is best to concentrate on gaining exposure in
the cheapest ways you can. [ Promotional items
](http://www.fluidbranding.com/) are a tried and tested means of getting your
brand out to your audience. If you are starting a tutoring agency the most
inexpensive and logical items you can brand are often stationary. Not only is
merchandise such as pencils and rulers very good value, but also extremely
effective, as children love stationery and bring it to school with them - thus
exposing other children/ families and even teachers to your brand. When they
need a tutoring company your branded ruler will spring to mind. This is the
art of effective, cheap marketing and a good starting point towards brand
recognition.Not only will this promotional memorabilia achieve a [ top-of-mind
recall ](http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/definition/top-of-the-mind-
recall) with your audience and attract new business, but it will also maintain
your existing clients. Branded stationery will give a convincing impression of
professional credibility. Simple and easy as peasy. Get ordering and
circulating.

When you are starting out and there isn’t a big business budget to spend on [
Google AdWords, ](https://adwords.google.com/cm/CampaignMgmt?__u=7711052929&__
c=5813627809#r.ONLINE&app=cm) it is best to concentrate on gaining exposure in
the cheapest ways you can. [ Promotional items
](http://www.fluidbranding.com/) are a tried and tested means of getting your
brand out to your audience. If you are starting a tutoring agency the most
inexpensive and logical items you can brand are often stationary. Not only is
merchandise such as pencils and rulers very good value, but also extremely
effective, as children love stationery and bring it to school with them - thus
exposing other children/ families and even teachers to your brand. When they
need a tutoring company your branded ruler will spring to mind. This is the
art of effective, cheap marketing and a good starting point towards brand
recognition.Not only will this promotional memorabilia achieve a [ top-of-mind
recall ](http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/definition/top-of-the-mind-
recall) with your audience and attract new business, but it will also maintain
your existing clients. Branded stationery will give a convincing impression of
professional credibility. Simple and easy as peasy. Get ordering and
circulating.

When you are starting out and there isn’t a big business budget to spend on [
Google AdWords, ](https://adwords.google.com/cm/CampaignMgmt?__u=7711052929&__
c=5813627809#r.ONLINE&app=cm) it is best to concentrate on gaining exposure in
the cheapest ways you can. [ Promotional items
](http://www.fluidbranding.com/) are a tried and tested means of getting your
brand out to your audience. If you are starting a tutoring agency the most
inexpensive and logical items you can brand are often stationary. Not only is
merchandise such as pencils and rulers very good value, but also extremely
effective, as children love stationery and bring it to school with them - thus
exposing other children/ families and even teachers to your brand. When they
need a tutoring company your branded ruler will spring to mind. This is the
art of effective, cheap marketing and a good starting point towards brand
recognition.Not only will this promotional memorabilia achieve a [ top-of-mind
recall ](http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/definition/top-of-the-mind-
recall) with your audience and attract new business, but it will also maintain
your existing clients. Branded stationery will give a convincing impression of
professional credibility. Simple and easy as peasy. Get ordering and
circulating.

When you are starting out and there isn’t a big business budget to spend on [
Google AdWords, ](https://adwords.google.com/cm/CampaignMgmt?__u=7711052929&__
c=5813627809#r.ONLINE&app=cm) it is best to concentrate on gaining exposure in
the cheapest ways you can. [ Promotional items
](http://www.fluidbranding.com/) are a tried and tested means of getting your
brand out to your audience. If you are starting a tutoring agency the most
inexpensive and logical items you can brand are often stationary. Not only is
merchandise such as pencils and rulers very good value, but also extremely
effective, as children love stationery and bring it to school with them - thus
exposing other children/ families and even teachers to your brand. When they
need a tutoring company your branded ruler will spring to mind. This is the
art of effective, cheap marketing and a good starting point towards brand
recognition.Not only will this promotional memorabilia achieve a [ top-of-mind
recall ](http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/definition/top-of-the-mind-
recall) with your audience and attract new business, but it will also maintain
your existing clients. Branded stationery will give a convincing impression of
professional credibility. Simple and easy as peasy. Get ordering and
circulating.
