---
layout: post
title:  Making a Living from Learning
permalink: making-a-living-from-learning
---
Tutoring is a lucrative field to work within. Play your cards right and you
will excel. However a lot depends on your [ terms of business
](http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/terms-and-conditions.html) and
your entry price into the market. Setting the price of your services can prove
to be tricky. You’ll need to find out what the prevailing market rate is and
then set your prices in relation to this. This will require a lot of research.
A private tutors’ hourly rate can range anywhere between £20 and £100 per
hour. This fee is often determined by location - tutors in cities tend to earn
more. Before establishing a reputation you don’t want to oversell yourself.
Without testimonials or recommendations parents will question whether your
quality justifies a high fee. Yet, at the same time, hugely undercutting your
competitors will set off their alarm bells as to whether your services are
good enough. Charging what the market will bear whilst reflecting the value of
your services is a fine line. You can raise the price in time. A lot of
tuition agencies charge a tutor placement fee. This varies hugely depending on
which branch of the market you are aiming at, although it commonly ranges
between £30 and £50 per student. At first parents are reluctant to pay this.
Your marketing needs to assure them that this will enable your administration
team to spend resources and time finding the perfect tutor for your child. A
tutor placement fee is worth considering as it will cover your costs.
Investing in [ TutorCruncher software can halve the time your agency spend
matching a pupil with a tutor and increase your revenues
](https://tutorcruncher.com/features.html) so is worth thinking about, even in
the early stages.

You may also want to consider what your travel margins are. For example, are
you only willing to work within a certain area and these travel costs will be
included in your price, or are your tutors willing to travel further afield if
reimbursed for their expenditures? There’s a lot to think about. Only you can
choose a price and conditions that you think are fair whilst giving yourself a
profit. Once you have, make sure that you impart these as clearly and
concisely as possible to your current and potential clients. Transparency is
key.

##

##  ** How did you choose your prices ? **

Tutoring is a lucrative field to work within. Play your cards right and you
will excel. However a lot depends on your [ terms of business
](http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/terms-and-conditions.html) and
your entry price into the market. Setting the price of your services can prove
to be tricky. You’ll need to find out what the prevailing market rate is and
then set your prices in relation to this. This will require a lot of research.
A private tutors’ hourly rate can range anywhere between £20 and £100 per
hour. This fee is often determined by location - tutors in cities tend to earn
more.

Before establishing a reputation you don’t want to oversell yourself. Without
testimonials or recommendations parents will question whether your quality
justifies a high fee. Yet, at the same time, hugely undercutting your
competitors will set off their alarm bells as to whether your services are
good enough. Charging what the market will bear whilst reflecting the value of
your services is a fine line. You can raise the price in time.

A lot of tuition agencies charge a tutor placement fee. This varies hugely
depending on which branch of the market you are aiming at, although it
commonly ranges between £30 and £50 per student. At first parents are
reluctant to pay this. Your marketing needs to assure them that this will
enable your administration team to spend resources and time finding the
perfect tutor for your child. A tutor placement fee is worth considering as it
will cover your costs. Investing in [ TutorCruncher software can halve the
time your agency spend matching a pupil with a tutor and increase your
revenues ](https://tutorcruncher.com/features.html) so is worth thinking
about, even in the early stages.

You may also want to consider what your travel margins are. For example, are
you only willing to work within a certain area and these travel costs will be
included in your price, or are your tutors willing to travel further afield if
reimbursed for their expenditures?

There’s a lot to think about. Only you can choose a price and conditions that
you think are fair whilst giving yourself a profit. Once you have, make sure
that you impart these as clearly and concisely as possible to your current and
potential clients. Transparency is key.

##

##  ** How did you choose your prices ? **

Tutoring is a lucrative field to work within. Play your cards right and you
will excel. However a lot depends on your [ terms of business
](http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/terms-and-conditions.html) and
your entry price into the market. Setting the price of your services can prove
to be tricky. You’ll need to find out what the prevailing market rate is and
then set your prices in relation to this. This will require a lot of research.
A private tutors’ hourly rate can range anywhere between £20 and £100 per
hour. This fee is often determined by location - tutors in cities tend to earn
more.

Before establishing a reputation you don’t want to oversell yourself. Without
testimonials or recommendations parents will question whether your quality
justifies a high fee. Yet, at the same time, hugely undercutting your
competitors will set off their alarm bells as to whether your services are
good enough. Charging what the market will bear whilst reflecting the value of
your services is a fine line. You can raise the price in time.

A lot of tuition agencies charge a tutor placement fee. This varies hugely
depending on which branch of the market you are aiming at, although it
commonly ranges between £30 and £50 per student. At first parents are
reluctant to pay this. Your marketing needs to assure them that this will
enable your administration team to spend resources and time finding the
perfect tutor for your child. A tutor placement fee is worth considering as it
will cover your costs. Investing in [ TutorCruncher software can halve the
time your agency spend matching a pupil with a tutor and increase your
revenues ](https://tutorcruncher.com/features.html) so is worth thinking
about, even in the early stages.

You may also want to consider what your travel margins are. For example, are
you only willing to work within a certain area and these travel costs will be
included in your price, or are your tutors willing to travel further afield if
reimbursed for their expenditures?

There’s a lot to think about. Only you can choose a price and conditions that
you think are fair whilst giving yourself a profit. Once you have, make sure
that you impart these as clearly and concisely as possible to your current and
potential clients. Transparency is key.

##

##  ** How did you choose your prices ? **

Tutoring is a lucrative field to work within. Play your cards right and you
will excel. However a lot depends on your [ terms of business
](http://www.businessdictionary.com/definition/terms-and-conditions.html) and
your entry price into the market. Setting the price of your services can prove
to be tricky. You’ll need to find out what the prevailing market rate is and
then set your prices in relation to this. This will require a lot of research.
A private tutors’ hourly rate can range anywhere between £20 and £100 per
hour. This fee is often determined by location - tutors in cities tend to earn
more.

Before establishing a reputation you don’t want to oversell yourself. Without
testimonials or recommendations parents will question whether your quality
justifies a high fee. Yet, at the same time, hugely undercutting your
competitors will set off their alarm bells as to whether your services are
good enough. Charging what the market will bear whilst reflecting the value of
your services is a fine line. You can raise the price in time.

A lot of tuition agencies charge a tutor placement fee. This varies hugely
depending on which branch of the market you are aiming at, although it
commonly ranges between £30 and £50 per student. At first parents are
reluctant to pay this. Your marketing needs to assure them that this will
enable your administration team to spend resources and time finding the
perfect tutor for your child. A tutor placement fee is worth considering as it
will cover your costs. Investing in [ TutorCruncher software can halve the
time your agency spend matching a pupil with a tutor and increase your
revenues ](https://tutorcruncher.com/features.html) so is worth thinking
about, even in the early stages.

You may also want to consider what your travel margins are. For example, are
you only willing to work within a certain area and these travel costs will be
included in your price, or are your tutors willing to travel further afield if
reimbursed for their expenditures?

There’s a lot to think about. Only you can choose a price and conditions that
you think are fair whilst giving yourself a profit. Once you have, make sure
that you impart these as clearly and concisely as possible to your current and
potential clients. Transparency is key.

##

##  ** How did you choose your prices ? **
