---
layout: post
title:  "Conceptualise your Brand..."
permalink: conceptualise-your-brand
---
Having found your unique position in your target market and established the
direction you want to send your tutoring agency towards, it is now time to
build a strong brand. Branding is key to any small business. When done
correctly it will accelerate visibility and loyalty and establish your agency.
It is a stage which requires a great deal of thought as when approached half-
heartedly it can affect customer perception negatively.

A clearly defined brand with succinct goals is a long term strategy. Examine
your competitors’ branding strategy - they are the “market-movers”. Enter the
market by copying the best elements of their brand whilst adding your own
bespoke twist. At this stage, it is necessary to consider which core benefits
will lie beneath your strong brand umbrella. These are the things that the
customer expects from a brand like yours. In the context of a tutoring
company, a high quality brand is recommended. Parents want assurance that
their children will be receiving the best extra tuition possible from
experienced, knowledgeable tutors who are passionate about education.
Furthermore, research confirms that quality brands achieve higher
profitability than their competitors. The next few blogs will address the ways
in which you can achieve brand awareness. After conceptualising your brand and
establishing your clear goals, the next step is to adopt a variety of
promotion methods and communications plans. Stay keyed in to TutorCruncher for
our “Show-How”...
