---
layout: post
title:  "Why Tutoring Matters"
permalink: why-tutoring-matters/
---
In London, 43% of students use a 

### private tutor

, but knowing when to
approach a tuition agency for extra help can be tricky. There’s no doubt that
one-to-one support can increase confidence and boost a student’s grades but
timing is often a major factor in getting the most out of private tuition.
We’ve put together a list of instances that a student should approach a
tutoring agency for extra assistance. You can take a look at our top 5
tutoring website and blogs to find out more about the pros of tutoring.

** **

### Falling Grades

If a student notices a decline in their academic performance, whether it be
homework results or exam scores, it may be time to seek extra help from a
tuition agency. Exam time can be stressful for students and many find
themselves underperforming as a result of this pressure. Using the services of
a 

### tutoring agency

can really lift a student’s grades as having a
structured study programme in place ensures commitment to learning. For many
students, falling grades is often due to a lack of confidence in asking
questions in the classroom. Having a tutor’s full attention throughout the
duration of a lesson can really make a difference to a student’s learning as
questions can be addressed there and then, without the hesitations of asking
in front of a class. ** **

### Poor Time Management

At some point in a student’s academic career, school may become less of a
priority, especially for older students. When a student starts to postpone
homework and other studying activities, they often fall behind their peers and
when their workload increases, they often struggle to make up for lost time.
Ongoing procrastination can be a telling sign that a student needs to enlist
the services of a tuition agency. Hiring the right tutor can improve study
habits, encourage self-motivation and ensure that a student keeps on top of
classroom and homework assignments. ** **

### Lacking Confidence

Uncertainty is a given throughout the learning process, especially when
tackling new theories and concepts. However, if a student feels they are
struggling to learn these new ideas and finds that they’re unable to keep up
with their classmates’ progress, then using a tuition agency might be the
answer. Sometimes, all it takes is a little acknowledgement that a student is
already doing well in a subject and only a few improvements are needed in
order for them to achieve their goals. What’s more, students often find that
having tuition in one subject improves their grades in other subjects too, as
their confidence spills over into other areas of their academic study. ** **

### Parent’s Unable to Help

Especially for younger students, parents are often a huge influence in the
learning process. However, there comes a point that parents aren’t able to
commit as many hours to helping their child with their school work. Also, as a
child progresses in their academic career, their workload increases and the
subjects get more difficult too. Scheduling in time with a tuition agency can
prove to be an effective alternative to parental help. A qualified tutor will
know their subject inside out and will be familiar with relevant coursework
and common problems students face on specific topics. These tutors will have
been thoroughly interviewed before hand so their qualifications and knowledge
are ensured. ** **

### Diagnosed Learning Disability

Using the services of a tutoring agency can be very beneficial for students
who have been diagnosed with a learning disability, such as dyslexia,
dyscalculia or ADHD. Students with learning disabilities often need extra help
with their studies to keep up with others in the classroom. Tuition agencies
often employ 

### tutors who are specialists

in working with children with
learning disabilities. Having a tutor who understands which techniques work
best with students can be invaluable in helping them get back on track with
their studies and enjoying their lessons more. Tutoring can really make a
difference. [

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="/img/blogs/IMG_9263-1024x614.jpg" alt-text="tutoring-matters"/>
</div>

](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/04/IMG_9263.jpg) _ Have
you ever used a private tuition agency? When did you know it was time to seek
extra help? How did extra tutoring help with your confidence levels? We’d like
to hear about your experiences. _
