---
layout: post
title:  "How Your Tutoring Agency Should Use Twitter"
permalink: twitter-for-tutoring-agencies/
---
[

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="{{ site.static}}/img/blogs/twitter-245460_640-300x300.jpg" alt-text="Twitter "/>
</div>

](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/12/twitter-245460_640.jpg) [ Twitter is one of the most
influential ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/digital-resources-tuition-agency/)
[ social netwo ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/digital-resources-tuition-
agency/) [ rks ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/digital-resources-tuition-
agency/) out there. Unlike Facebook, it tends to be more focused on business
and users tend to keep business and personal profiles separate, meaning that
your audience is much more targeted. Here is our advice on how you can make
the most of Twitter as a tutoring agency. 

### Complete Your Full Profile

You’ll want to ensure that people associate your profile with your brand. This
means having a good profile photo, tagline and background image. Consider
whether it would be more appropriate to have a photo of you as your profile
image or a photo of your logo. Generally speaking, people tend to [ engage
better with other people on Twitter
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/5_core_marketing_activities_focus/) but there
are no hard and fast rules about this. Also, make sure that your tagline says
everything you want it to say about your agency. You may also want to consider
getting some of your main keywords in there too to help with twitter searches.
If your agency has recognisable branding, then create a background image that
you can upload to your profile to strengthen your authority on the site. **
Show Some Personality ** Linking to your blog content is a great way to
improve your brand awareness. However, you should aim to strike a balance
between promoting your own content and sharing insights into who you are as a
company or a person. It doesn’t have to be business 24/7, so consider sharing
some personal information or photographs that will keep people interested in
your profile. You should also share other people’s content too. You can become
a brand leader by associating your agency with other people’s content simply
by retweeting their best posts. 

### Time Your Tweets

We’ve previously
written about [ how to know when to post on social media
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/know-post-social-media-2/) before on this blog,
and there are a few anomalies you should consider when deciding when to share
your content. First of all, consider where your customers are based. The
chances are most will be based in the UK within a few miles of your locality,
so consider tweeting at times people are most likely to read your posts.
People tend to check their social media accounts first thing in the morning,
during lunchtime and last thing before leaving work. This could therefore,
have a bearing on what type of content you tweet and when. ** Use Hashtags and
Keywords ** You can really improve the success of your Twitter marketing by
considering the keywords people are likely to search for on Twitter to find
agencies like yours. Try to [ include these keywords in your headlines
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/optimize-tutoring-agencys-blog/) so that your
tweets show up in related search results. Also consider the most popular
hashtags in the tutoring industry and use these to improve your profile’s
presence. You can find the most popular hashtags in the industry by doing a
simple twitter search for industry related keywords and taking note of which
hashtags are the most recurring. What are your experiences of using Twitter as
a tutoring agency? Do you agree with the points above? Do you have any of your
own advice that you’d like to share with our readers? We’d love to hear from
you.
