---
layout: post
title:  "How to Make Your Tutoring Agency an Industry Authority"
permalink: become-industry-authority/
---
When people hear the name of your tutoring agency, what do they think of? Do
they think of your brand as being an industry leader or just another run of
the mill agency? [ Being an authority in the tutoring industry
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/how-to-build-an-online-tutoring-community/)
means you’ll attract more business and to help you out, we’ve put together a
list of actions you can take to become an industry leader. ** Report on
Industry News

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="/img/blogs/blog-327074_640-300x211.jpg" alt-text="blog-327074_640"/>
</div>

** One of the most
effective ways of ensuring that people turn to your agency for industry
insights is to report on the latest happenings in the tutoring marketplace. If
people associate your brand with being up to date and relevant, they’ll be
more likely to use your services. What’s more, people will start to visit your
website more often if they know that you make regular posts about the latest
tutoring news. Your blog can also act as a reference for journalists looking
for information about the industry from a specific time period, which can
result in your agency being quoted in articles. 

### Interview Market Leaders

Who are the current authorities in the tutoring industry? Once you’ve
identified them, why not ask if they’d like to be interviewed for your site?
By including insights from other agencies on your blog, you’ll show your
customers that other agencies look to your brand as an industry leader. This
can also be a good way of establishing new business relationships and could
possibly lead to collaboration in the future. ** Encourage Customers to Ask
Questions ** Being approachable can really help build your tutoring agency’s
authority. Not only will people see your business as being friendly but
they’ll also see you as being confident that you can help answer any enquiries
they have about your services or the tutoring market in general. Students and
parents want to use the services of an agency that knows what it’s talking
about, so consider what communication channels you’ll put in place to enable
people to interact with you. Perhaps you’ll [ make use of social media
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/social-media-strategy-for-tutoring-businesses/)
and actively ask people to contact you for information, or send or out an
email campaign reminding people that you’re here to help provide advice about
the industry. 

### Be Innovative

![3Drenderingofashoppingbasketconnectedtoaco
mputermouse](/img/blogs/3drenderingofashoppingbasketconnectedtoacomputermouse-300x300.jpg)

One of the best ways
[ to position your tutoring agency an authority
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/how-to-make-your-tutoring-agency-stand-out/) is
to be on the cutting edge of education and technology. To be a market leader,
you’ll need to make sure you keep up with the latest tutoring trends and
implement new teaching methods and technology. Students in particular will
expect your agency to have the latest software available in your offices.
Being an innovative tutoring agency may involve modernising some of your
business operations, for example, you could give students and parents the
option to book lessons online rather than over the phone. In what ways do you
consider your tutoring agency and authority in the industry? Does your agency
carry out any of the actions mentioned above? Do you have any other tips you’d
like to share with our readers? We’d be interested to hear about your
experiences.
