---
layout: post
title:  "How to Attract the Best Tutors To Your Agency"
permalink: attract-best-tutors-agency
---
Every tutoring agency wants to have the best tutors and with increasing
competition, ensuring that the best ones come to you, can be challenging.
We’ve put together a list of ways you can help attract the crème de la crème
of private tutors and ensure your agency grows a [ reputable reputation
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/how-to-make-your-tutoring-agency-stand-out/)
for delivering results.

### Have an Online Presence

If you want the best tutors to work for you, then they need to be able to find
you. These days, that means having a strong online presence. Everyone engages
online differently. Some prefer to read, some like to watch, some like to
listen and most people like to interact. It’s important to have all your bases
covered if you want to attract as many people as possible to your agency. Make
sure that you post content regularly, including videos and podcasts. People
like to get a feel for the companies that they apply to and more often than
not, they do this through [ social media
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/social-media-strategy-for-tutoring-businesses/)
. One way you can make a good first impression on social media is to link to
the profiles of your current tutors, post photos of your office and encourage
potential tutors to ask questions about your agency.

[

![Popular_Social_Networks](/img/blogs/Popular_Social_Networks_Gavin_Llewellyn_CC.jpg)

](/img/blogs/Popular_Social_Networks_Gavin_Llewellyn_CC.jpg)

### Show Them How They Can Make a Difference

By explaining how private tutoring can make a difference to students’
education, you’ll attract the right kind of tutor to your agency. Whereas
qualifications are certainly important, you’ll want to attract tutors who are
passionate about learning and have a real desire to improve people’s
education. By presenting the bigger picture of what private tutoring actually
means to students, you’ll ensure that you attract the most suitable tutors to
join your agency.

### Embrace Change

Education in the UK is always evolving and the school curriculum is constantly
being refined and updated, with new subjects being added all the time. If you
stay ahead of the game and show that you keep up to date with these
developments, you’ll attract good tutors, who have an interest in modern
teaching methods. Being tech savvy and keeping on top of [ new technology
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/technology-teaching-ideas-for-private-tutors/)
is also important if you want to create a modern, innovation image within the
industry. Younger tutors especially, will likely already be well-versed in how
to use mobile devices and other interactive e-learning tools and you’ll want
to cater for tutors who have this skill set.

[

![e-learning](/img/blogs/e-learning.jpg)

](/img/blogs/e-learning.jpg)

### Provide Development Opportunities

The best tutors are often those who want to develop their skills and seek out
new challenges. One way to attract the best tutors for your agency is to offer
development opportunities in the form of training. You can arrange this in-
house or use external trainers to create a course specific to your tutors’
needs. You may want to arrange training as part of a team building day, for
example. The most ambitious tutors will also be interested in becoming more
involved with the agency, so consider whether there’s room to create senior
positions within your business that would be attractive to tutors who may be
interested in promotion.

What does your agency do to attract the best tutors? Perhaps you’re a tutor
yourself? What would attract you to joining an agency? What things
specifically, would you look for in a tutoring agency? Feel free to share your
thoughts in the comments below.
