---
layout: post
title:  "How a Digital Marketing Strategy Can Help Grow Your Tuition Agency"
permalink: digital-marketing-strategy-can-help-grow-tuition-agency
---
Nowadays, the first place people look when they need information is Google,
which means that your tutoring agency needs to have an online presence if you
hope to attract as much business as possible. Digital marketing takes time but
with the right strategy, you can grow your agency using the internet as your
tool. We’ve outlined some of the ways that a digital marketing strategy can
help [ grow your tutoring agency ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/grow-your-
tutoring-business-outreach/ "TutorCruncher Grow your tutoring business" ) . **
Search Engine Optimization ** SEO is the art of writing for humans and search
engines at the same time. [ SEO techniques
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/local-seo-marketing-your-tuition-agency-
online/) are constantly evolving and many that were used just a year ago are
now considered obsolete. Whereas websites used to get away with keyword
stuffing and unnatural link building, today, such marketing techniques are
considered black hat and should always be avoided. Instead, focus on
optimizing your website copy and blog posts for one or two relevant keywords
and ensure that your meta titles and descriptions contain those keywords too.
Coupled with original content that adds value to your audience, your website
will soon start to receive natural backlinks from other sites who find your
information useful. 

### Social Media

 Sometimes it can seem like there’s a
new [ social media website ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/social-media-
strategy-for-tutoring-businesses/) springing up every week, so our advice to
tutoring agencies would be to focus on one or two platforms that work well for
you. Twitter and Facebook are obvious choices as they are the most widely used
throughout the UK. Make sure that you use your social media accounts to
promote your website content but also to engage and reach out to your
audience. Think about social media as an extension of your agency’s customer
service.

![social-media-icons-cloud](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/07/social-media-icons-cloud-300x256.png)



### Content


Content is arguably the most important part of your website, without it,
people are unlikely to find your website in search engines. Content is now one
of the principal elements of digital marketing and thanks to Google’s
increasingly sophisticated algorithms, content needs to be original, unique
and above all else, it needs to add value or people won’t read it. Find out
which aspects of private tuition your customers want to read about and start
to write content based around their information needs. 

### Advertising

 If
your tuition agency has a marketing budget then there are several ways you can
spend your money on advertising online. Pay Per Click (PPC) campaigns are
still as popular as ever and can be a great way of getting your website on the
first page of Google and increase your agency’s exposure. Similarly, banner
advertising on other educational websites can be a good way to spread the word
about your brand. If your marketing budget stretches that little bit further,
you can always pay a digital marketer to oversee your online presence. Does
your tutoring agency have a digital marketing strategy? How does it compare to
the elements we’ve written about above? How about paid advertising? What are
your experiences of paying to increase your agency’s online presence? We’d be
keen to hear about your digital marketing strategy.  Nowadays, the first place
people look when they need information is Google, which means that your
tutoring agency needs to have an online presence if you hope to attract as
much business as possible. Digital marketing takes time but with the right
strategy, you can grow your agency using the internet as your tool. We’ve
outlined some of the ways that a digital marketing strategy can help [ grow
your tutoring agency ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/grow-your-tutoring-
business-outreach/ "TutorCruncher Grow your tutoring business" ) . ** Search
Engine Optimization ** SEO is the art of writing for humans and search engines
at the same time. [ SEO techniques ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/local-seo-
marketing-your-tuition-agency-online/) are constantly evolving and many that
were used just a year ago are now considered obsolete. Whereas websites used
to get away with keyword stuffing and unnatural link building, today, such
marketing techniques are considered black hat and should always be avoided.
Instead, focus on optimizing your website copy and blog posts for one or two
relevant keywords and ensure that your meta titles and descriptions contain
those keywords too. Coupled with original content that adds value to your
audience, your website will soon start to receive natural backlinks from other
sites who find your information useful. 

### Social Media

 Sometimes it can
seem like there’s a new [ social media website
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/social-media-strategy-for-tutoring-businesses/)
springing up every week, so our advice to tutoring agencies would be to focus
on one or two platforms that work well for you. Twitter and Facebook are
obvious choices as they are the most widely used throughout the UK. Make sure
that you use your social media accounts to promote your website content but
also to engage and reach out to your audience. Think about social media as an
extension of your agency’s customer service.

![social-media-icons-
cloud](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/social-media-
icons-cloud-300x256.png)



### Content

 Content is arguably the most important
part of your website, without it, people are unlikely to find your website in
search engines. Content is now one of the principal elements of digital
marketing and thanks to Google’s increasingly sophisticated algorithms,
content needs to be original, unique and above all else, it needs to add value
or people won’t read it. Find out which aspects of private tuition your
customers want to read about and start to write content based around their
information needs. 

### Advertising

 If your tuition agency has a marketing
budget then there are several ways you can spend your money on advertising
online. Pay Per Click (PPC) campaigns are still as popular as ever and can be
a great way of getting your website on the first page of Google and increase
your agency’s exposure. Similarly, banner advertising on other educational
websites can be a good way to spread the word about your brand. If your
marketing budget stretches that little bit further, you can always pay a
digital marketer to oversee your online presence. Does your tutoring agency
have a digital marketing strategy? How does it compare to the elements we’ve
written about above? How about paid advertising? What are your experiences of
paying to increase your agency’s online presence? We’d be keen to hear about
your digital marketing strategy.  Nowadays, the first place people look when
they need information is Google, which means that your tutoring agency needs
to have an online presence if you hope to attract as much business as
possible. Digital marketing takes time but with the right strategy, you can
grow your agency using the internet as your tool. We’ve outlined some of the
ways that a digital marketing strategy can help [ grow your tutoring agency
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/grow-your-tutoring-business-outreach/
"TutorCruncher Grow your tutoring business" ) . ** Search Engine Optimization
** SEO is the art of writing for humans and search engines at the same time. [
SEO techniques ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/local-seo-marketing-your-
tuition-agency-online/) are constantly evolving and many that were used just a
year ago are now considered obsolete. Whereas websites used to get away with
keyword stuffing and unnatural link building, today, such marketing techniques
are considered black hat and should always be avoided. Instead, focus on
optimizing your website copy and blog posts for one or two relevant keywords
and ensure that your meta titles and descriptions contain those keywords too.
Coupled with original content that adds value to your audience, your website
will soon start to receive natural backlinks from other sites who find your
information useful. 

### Social Media

 Sometimes it can seem like there’s a
new [ social media website ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/social-media-
strategy-for-tutoring-businesses/) springing up every week, so our advice to
tutoring agencies would be to focus on one or two platforms that work well for
you. Twitter and Facebook are obvious choices as they are the most widely used
throughout the UK. Make sure that you use your social media accounts to
promote your website content but also to engage and reach out to your
audience. Think about social media as an extension of your agency’s customer
service.

![social-media-icons-cloud](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/07/social-media-icons-cloud-300x256.png)



### Content


Content is arguably the most important part of your website, without it,
people are unlikely to find your website in search engines. Content is now one
of the principal elements of digital marketing and thanks to Google’s
increasingly sophisticated algorithms, content needs to be original, unique
and above all else, it needs to add value or people won’t read it. Find out
which aspects of private tuition your customers want to read about and start
to write content based around their information needs. 

### Advertising

 If
your tuition agency has a marketing budget then there are several ways you can
spend your money on advertising online. Pay Per Click (PPC) campaigns are
still as popular as ever and can be a great way of getting your website on the
first page of Google and increase your agency’s exposure. Similarly, banner
advertising on other educational websites can be a good way to spread the word
about your brand. If your marketing budget stretches that little bit further,
you can always pay a digital marketer to oversee your online presence. Does
your tutoring agency have a digital marketing strategy? How does it compare to
the elements we’ve written about above? How about paid advertising? What are
your experiences of paying to increase your agency’s online presence? We’d be
keen to hear about your digital marketing strategy.  Nowadays, the first place
people look when they need information is Google, which means that your
tutoring agency needs to have an online presence if you hope to attract as
much business as possible. Digital marketing takes time but with the right
strategy, you can grow your agency using the internet as your tool. We’ve
outlined some of the ways that a digital marketing strategy can help [ grow
your tutoring agency ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/grow-your-tutoring-
business-outreach/ "TutorCruncher Grow your tutoring business" ) . ** Search
Engine Optimization ** SEO is the art of writing for humans and search engines
at the same time. [ SEO techniques ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/local-seo-
marketing-your-tuition-agency-online/) are constantly evolving and many that
were used just a year ago are now considered obsolete. Whereas websites used
to get away with keyword stuffing and unnatural link building, today, such
marketing techniques are considered black hat and should always be avoided.
Instead, focus on optimizing your website copy and blog posts for one or two
relevant keywords and ensure that your meta titles and descriptions contain
those keywords too. Coupled with original content that adds value to your
audience, your website will soon start to receive natural backlinks from other
sites who find your information useful. 

### Social Media

 Sometimes it can
seem like there’s a new [ social media website
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/social-media-strategy-for-tutoring-businesses/)
springing up every week, so our advice to tutoring agencies would be to focus
on one or two platforms that work well for you. Twitter and Facebook are
obvious choices as they are the most widely used throughout the UK. Make sure
that you use your social media accounts to promote your website content but
also to engage and reach out to your audience. Think about social media as an
extension of your agency’s customer service.

![social-media-icons-
cloud](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/social-media-
icons-cloud-300x256.png)



### Content

 Content is arguably the most important
part of your website, without it, people are unlikely to find your website in
search engines. Content is now one of the principal elements of digital
marketing and thanks to Google’s increasingly sophisticated algorithms,
content needs to be original, unique and above all else, it needs to add value
or people won’t read it. Find out which aspects of private tuition your
customers want to read about and start to write content based around their
information needs. 

### Advertising

 If your tuition agency has a marketing
budget then there are several ways you can spend your money on advertising
online. Pay Per Click (PPC) campaigns are still as popular as ever and can be
a great way of getting your website on the first page of Google and increase
your agency’s exposure. Similarly, banner advertising on other educational
websites can be a good way to spread the word about your brand. If your
marketing budget stretches that little bit further, you can always pay a
digital marketer to oversee your online presence. Does your tutoring agency
have a digital marketing strategy? How does it compare to the elements we’ve
written about above? How about paid advertising? What are your experiences of
paying to increase your agency’s online presence? We’d be keen to hear about
your digital marketing strategy.
