---
layout: post
title:  "A Code of Ethics for Tuition Agencies"
permalink: tuition-agency-ethics
---
At TutorCruncher, we believe that all tuition agencies should abide by a code
of ethics to ensure that they deliver the best possible service to their
customers. Whereas the private tuition industry isn’t regulated by the
government, it’s up to agencies themselves to set their own standards when it
comes to offering tuition to students. Here are our recommended guidelines for
tuition agency standards. 

### Safety First

 We believe that safety should be
the priority for every tuition agency. Because tuition agencies offer their
services to those under 16 and to other vulnerable members of society, we
believe that every tutor should undergo a criminal background check from the
Disclosure and Barring Service before they are offered a contract with an
agency. Ideally, we also believe that tutors should be given training on [ how
to be safety conscious ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/interviewing-your-
tutors/ "Interviewing Tutors" ) during lessons and students should receive
information on how to stay safe when they’re on their own. We believe that
safety is everyone’s responsibility and everyone involved in a student’s
education should have a responsibility of care. ** Suitable Qualifications for
Tutors ** Tutors come from a range of different backgrounds and that’s one of
the things that make the industry so successful. However, we believe that
there needs to be a minimum qualification level set for people who want [ to
become private tutors ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/how-to-recruit-tutors-
for-your-agency/ "Recruiting Tutors" ) . We don’t necessarily think that every
tutor should hold a teaching qualification but we do believe that they should
have a qualification in the subject that they plan to teach. Ideally, we think
tutors should be educated to degree level and have relevant experience of
working in the education industry or with young people. ** Student-Focused
Learning ** One of the main differences between private tuition and classroom
learning is that one to one tuition enables tutors to give more time to
understanding what students think of particular learning points. We believe
that one to one tuition gives students more of an opportunity to express their
opinions, which [ encourages independent learning
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/how-to-encourage-students-to-take-control-of-
their-learning/ "Encourage Independent Learning" ) . By taking a student-
focused approach, students form their own opinions quicker, which can help
with all aspects of their education including exam preparation and making the
transition from high school to university. 

### A Desire to Succeed

 Every
tuition agency should have a desire for their students to achieve their full
potential. At the heart of it, that’s the reason that students attend agencies
in the first place – they want to improve their education. We believe that a
tuition agency should do all it can to help students achieve their goals and
should employ a variety of different teaching methods to enable them to do so.
Making use of the wealth of experience that tutoring agency staff have can be
a great way to ensure that students receive the best possible education. What
do you think of our code of ethics for tutoring agencies? Do you agree with
our list? Are there any points that you’d like to add yourself? What standards
does your tuition agency abide by? We’d be interested to hear your thoughts.
