---
layout: post
title:  "How to use Lean Management in your start up"
permalink: how-to-use-lean-management-in-your-start-up
---
Since a start up is an institution it requires management specifically geared
to its context. One of the most modern management systems is the lean
management. The core idea of being lean is to maximize customer value while
minimizing waste. To put it simply, lean means creating more value for
customers with fewer resources. As value is defined by customers it is
important to maintain the processes which provide it. These processes are
mostly run by people and only support, leadership and guidance can drive them
to continuously improve. Here is a list of tools that can help you achieving
this continuous improvement. However, this will not be effective unless you
use it with a right mindset.



### 1\.

 Start by writing down a 

### clear vision and mission

 . What do you hope to achieve in the long run? Try not to be too focused on the outcomes as traditional management fails to sustain lean because of this particular reason. 



### 2\.

 A tool to help you focus on the process and 

### set realistic goals

 is the 

### SMART criteria

 . This stands for Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Relevant and Time-specific. Sticking to this principle will help ensure you that your goals are indeed effective. 



### 3\.

 In order to implement new ideas into your business you can use the four-step-management method called 

### PDCA

 . The four phases in this circle involve: 

  * 

### Plan:

 Define the scope of the project, measure and analyse. 
  * 

### Do:

 Implement your plan. 
  * 

### Check:

 Follow up on the results; check if the plan resulted as expected. Get feedback to make improvements. 
  * 

### Act:

 Standardise your improvements. Build systems so that the improvements can be sustained. 



### 4\.

 When 

### analysing the efficiency of the processes

 in your organisation use 

### Value Stream Mapping

 . This will help you visualize and expose waste in the current processes so you can provide a roadmap for improvement through the future state. You can drawn this down on a piece of paper yourself or just use one of the various software tools online. 

Since a start up is an institution it requires management specifically geared
to its context. One of the most modern management systems is the lean
management. The core idea of being lean is to maximize customer value while
minimizing waste. To put it simply, lean means creating more value for
customers with fewer resources. As value is defined by customers it is
important to maintain the processes which provide it. These processes are
mostly run by people and only support, leadership and guidance can drive them
to continuously improve. Here is a list of tools that can help you achieving
this continuous improvement. However, this will not be effective unless you
use it with a right mindset.



### 1\.

 Start by writing down a 

### clear vision and mission

 . What do you hope to achieve in the long run? Try not to be too focused on the outcomes as traditional management fails to sustain lean because of this particular reason. 



### 2\.

 A tool to help you focus on the process and 

### set realistic goals

 is the 

### SMART criteria

 . This stands for Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Relevant and Time-specific. Sticking to this principle will help ensure you that your goals are indeed effective. 



### 3\.

 In order to implement new ideas into your business you can use the four-step-management method called 

### PDCA

 . The four phases in this circle involve: 

  * 

### Plan:

 Define the scope of the project, measure and analyse. 
  * 

### Do:

 Implement your plan. 
  * 

### Check:

 Follow up on the results; check if the plan resulted as expected. Get feedback to make improvements. 
  * 

### Act:

 Standardise your improvements. Build systems so that the improvements can be sustained. 



### 4\.

 When 

### analysing the efficiency of the processes

 in your organisation use 

### Value Stream Mapping

 . This will help you visualize and expose waste in the current processes so you can provide a roadmap for improvement through the future state. You can drawn this down on a piece of paper yourself or just use one of the various software tools online. 

Since a start up is an institution it requires management specifically geared
to its context. One of the most modern management systems is the lean
management. The core idea of being lean is to maximize customer value while
minimizing waste. To put it simply, lean means creating more value for
customers with fewer resources. As value is defined by customers it is
important to maintain the processes which provide it. These processes are
mostly run by people and only support, leadership and guidance can drive them
to continuously improve. Here is a list of tools that can help you achieving
this continuous improvement. However, this will not be effective unless you
use it with a right mindset.



### 1\.

 Start by writing down a 

### clear vision and mission

 . What do you hope to achieve in the long run? Try not to be too focused on the outcomes as traditional management fails to sustain lean because of this particular reason. 



### 2\.

 A tool to help you focus on the process and 

### set realistic goals

 is the 

### SMART criteria

 . This stands for Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Relevant and Time-specific. Sticking to this principle will help ensure you that your goals are indeed effective. 



### 3\.

 In order to implement new ideas into your business you can use the four-step-management method called 

### PDCA

 . The four phases in this circle involve: 

  * 

### Plan:

 Define the scope of the project, measure and analyse. 
  * 

### Do:

 Implement your plan. 
  * 

### Check:

 Follow up on the results; check if the plan resulted as expected. Get feedback to make improvements. 
  * 

### Act:

 Standardise your improvements. Build systems so that the improvements can be sustained. 



### 4\.

 When 

### analysing the efficiency of the processes

 in your organisation use 

### Value Stream Mapping

 . This will help you visualize and expose waste in the current processes so you can provide a roadmap for improvement through the future state. You can drawn this down on a piece of paper yourself or just use one of the various software tools online. 

Since a start up is an institution it requires management specifically geared
to its context. One of the most modern management systems is the lean
management. The core idea of being lean is to maximize customer value while
minimizing waste. To put it simply, lean means creating more value for
customers with fewer resources. As value is defined by customers it is
important to maintain the processes which provide it. These processes are
mostly run by people and only support, leadership and guidance can drive them
to continuously improve. Here is a list of tools that can help you achieving
this continuous improvement. However, this will not be effective unless you
use it with a right mindset.



### 1\.

 Start by writing down a 

### clear vision and mission

 . What do you hope to achieve in the long run? Try not to be too focused on the outcomes as traditional management fails to sustain lean because of this particular reason. 



### 2\.

 A tool to help you focus on the process and 

### set realistic goals

 is the 

### SMART criteria

 . This stands for Specific, Measurable, Attainable, Relevant and Time-specific. Sticking to this principle will help ensure you that your goals are indeed effective. 



### 3\.

 In order to implement new ideas into your business you can use the four-step-management method called 

### PDCA

 . The four phases in this circle involve: 

  * 

### Plan:

 Define the scope of the project, measure and analyse. 
  * 

### Do:

 Implement your plan. 
  * 

### Check:

 Follow up on the results; check if the plan resulted as expected. Get feedback to make improvements. 
  * 

### Act:

 Standardise your improvements. Build systems so that the improvements can be sustained. 



### 4\.

 When 

### analysing the efficiency of the processes

 in your organisation use 

### Value Stream Mapping

 . This will help you visualize and expose waste in the current processes so you can provide a roadmap for improvement through the future state. You can drawn this down on a piece of paper yourself or just use one of the various software tools online.
