---
layout: post
title:  "Success stories : The tutoress"
permalink: success-stories-the-tutoress/
---
### Today's success story is [ Victoria's ](http://thetutoress.com/home/meet-
our-tutors/) one, a brilliant woman who agreed to share her very own
experience in the tutoring industry. Here is an exclusive interview with [ The
Tutoress ](http://thetutoress.com/) .

### If you had to describe the concept of the Tutoress...

The concept of The Tutoress came as a result of my books and worksheets for
students. Whilst tutoring I created a series of worksheets and materials that
my students could use and one very bright student suggested that I turn the
worksheets into books. Whilst I was writing the books and thinking of names
for them, the concept of The Tutoress came to mind. The Tutoress is an
extension of my tutoring lessons, it allows students from across the world to
access my books and resources and get a glimpse of what it's like to be taught
by me.

### What brings you to work in the tutoring industry ?

I've always been involved in teaching in some form or another and my parents
are teachers so the idea of teaching has always resonated with me. However, it
never occurred to me that I could be a tutor. I actually entered the tutoring
industry by accent; I sort of fell into it because I wanted to teach students
on an individual basis rather than in a classroom environment.

### Is it a passion or more an opportunity ?

It's definitely a passion of mine. I love seeing a child's response when they
learn or discover something new or they have an 'aha' moment. The achievements
that my students have made has been outstanding and seeing their progress
continually inspires me to be a great tutor. It's of course an opportunity as
well but I think ** it's important for tutors to be driven by passion first
and then opportunities will follow. **

### Do you have any marketing tips for our readers ?

Absolutely! My one big tip is that marketing is cyclical. What I mean by that
is that 

### it should be an ongoing process

and whether you're fully booked
or struggling to get your first student, you should always market your
tutoring services. A lot of tutors have the habit of doing lots of marketing
when they have few students and then the minute they end up with enough
students they stop marketing. However, over time that habit results in a
'feast or famine' cycle where they go through periods of having enough clients
and then periods where they have none. ** Keep your marketing consistent and
you'll find that you'll obtain a steady stream of clients throughout the year.
**

### What are the main difficulties that people might meet if they want to work in this industry ?

I think that one of the main difficulties that people might face is ** landing
the first few tutoring clients ** . That's always the hardest part for most
tutors or aspiring tutors. One of the ways to get started is by offering
online tuition lessons as they allow you to reach more students and parents.
Aside from that, I think some tutors struggle with staying organised because
there is so much to do when running a tutoring business. Tutors should keep
diaries, use online tools for booking lessons and use a mix of traditional and
modern resources to ensure that they're able to keep on top of things.

### What is the key to succeed in the tutoring industry from your point of view ?

The key to success in the tutoring industry is to ** differentiate yourself
from other tutors ** . Don't just copy what other tutors do. For instance, if
the tutors in your area are charging low fees and are providing low quality
tuition, differentiate yourself by providing excellent tuition and charging a
fee that reflects the value of what you do. In doing so parents will think of
you as being a high value tutor who achieves great results.

### What did this experience bring you (on a professional / personal level) ?

Tutoring has done so much for me. It allowed me to see what I'm capable of
achieving. Before I started tutoring I never saw myself as being a leader or a
motivator but I now know that ** I can inspire others to achieve their full
potential ** . Tutoring has also made me a better student of life; I read so
much now and I'm constantly looking for new ways to expand my mind.  **
Tutoring is a brilliant profession because it allows you to grow through the
growth of others. **

Check out Victoria's book which you will find very useful.
