---
layout: post
title:  "TutorCruncher Improved: Features Updated"
permalink: tutorcruncher-improved-features-updated
---
At TutorCruncher we have been working hard to improve the system in line with
your suggestions. These new features and changes to old ones have been
rigorously tested by our sister agency and we will be pushing them live next
week. Please do get in touch if you have any issues with any of the below.

Dashboard Redesign: 

We have added some graphs to the dashboard that give a top-line overview of
some interesting statistics for your business. There is a breakdown of your
turnover, commission and your tutor earnings, a pie chart of hours by subject
and a real-time graph of active tutors and active clients. Click the image to
see a larger version. [

![Dashboard Redesign](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/09/Dashboard-Redesign-1024x513.png)
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/Dashboard-
Redesign.png)

Pupil Profiles: 

We have redesigned the pupil profile pages to allow you to generate lesson
reports for individual pupils (in the past reports were only available at a
client level). To generate a lesson report click "System" > "Libraries" >
"Pupils". Click on the name of the pupil and lastly on the tab "Reports". Then
press "Generate".

Backdating Invoices: 

We have added the ability to generate invoices up to a specified date - in the
past you could only generate up to today's date, but now you can choose a
billing date if you work to organised schedules that must be stuck to.

Keyword search: 

This is a feature that has been there all along, but we have made it easier to
find as it is a useful tool. In the top right hand corner you can now search
your entire system by keyword. The results will include tutors, clients and
jobs. [ ![SearchFunction-Highlighted](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/08/SearchFunction-Highlighted-1024x294.png)
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/SearchFunction-
Highlighted.png)

Teaching levels 

We have also made it much quicker for Tutors to add teaching levels. You can
do this by selecting the subject, and then ticking the applicable boxes (see
below). [ ![AddSubjectLevel](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/08/AddSubjectLevel-1024x194.png)
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/AddSubjectLevel.png)

Dear TutorCruncher users,

At TutorCruncher we have been working hard to improve the system in line with
your suggestions. These new features and changes to old ones have been
rigorously tested by our sister agency and we will be pushing them live next
week. Please do get in touch if you have any issues with any of the below.

Dashboard Redesign: We have added some graphs to the dashboard that give a
top-line overview of some interesting statistics for your business.

Pupil Profiles: We have redesigned the pupil profile pages to allow [
![SearchFunction_Results](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/08/SearchFunction_Results-300x138.png)
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/08/SearchFunction_Results.png)

[ ![SearchFunction-Highlighted](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/08/SearchFunction-Highlighted-300x140.png)
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/SearchFunction-
Highlighted.png)

y [

![SearchFunct<a href=](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/08/SearchFunction-Highlighted-300x140.png)
![AddSubjectLevel](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/08/AddSubjectTitle-300x70.png)
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/SearchFunction-
Highlighted.png)

ion-Highlighted" width="300" height="140" class="alignnone
size-medium wp-image-1666" />

ou to generate lesson reports for individual pupils (in the past reports were
only available at a client level).

Backdating Invoices: We have added the ability to generate invoices up to a
specified date - in the past you could only generate up to today's date, but
now you can choose a billing date if you work to organised schedules that must
be stuck to.

Keyword search: This is a feature that has been there all along, but we have
made it easier to find as it is a useful tool. In the top right hand corner
you can now search your entire system by keyword. The results will include
tutors, clients and jobs.

Dear TutorCruncher users,

At TutorCruncher we have been working hard to improve the system in line with
your suggestions. These new features and changes to old ones have been
rigorously tested by our sister agency and we will be pushing them live next
week. Please do get in touch if you have any issues with any of the below.

Dashboard Redesign: We have added some graphs to the dashboard that give a
top-line overview of some interesting statistics for your business.

Pupil Profiles: We have redesigned the pupil profile pages to allow you to
generate lesson reports for individual pupils (in the past reports were only
available at a client level).

Backdating Invoices: We have added the ability to generate invoices up to a
specified date - in the past you could only generate up to today's date, but
now you can choose a billing date if you work to organised schedules that must
be stuck to.

Keyword search: This is a feature that has been there all along, but we have
made it easier to find as it is a useful tool. In the top right hand corner
you can now search your entire system by keyword. The results will include
tutors, clients and jobs.

Dear TutorCruncher users,

At TutorCruncher we have been working hard to improve the system in line with
your suggestions. These new features and changes to old ones have been
rigorously tested by our sister agency and we will be pushing them live next
week. Please do get in touch if you have any issues with any of the below.

Dashboard Redesign: We have added some graphs to the dashboard that give a
top-line overview of some interesting statistics for your business.

Pupil Profiles: We have redesigned the pupil profile pages to allow you to
generate lesson reports for individual pupils (in the past reports were only
available at a client level).

Backdating Invoices: We have added the ability to generate invoices up to a
specified date - in the past you could only generate up to today's date, but
now you can choose a billing date if you work to organised schedules that must
be stuck to.

Keyword search: This is a feature that has been there all along, but we have
made it easier to find as it is a useful tool. In the top right hand corner
you can now search your entire system by keyword. The results will include
tutors, clients and jobs.
