---
layout: post
title:  "Tuition Desk: A revolutionary online tutoring platform"
permalink: tuition-desk-a-revolutionary-online-tutoring-platform
---
This week we are very excited to welcome Tuition Desk and his Founder Adnan
Ajmi who will introduce his revolutionary online tutoring platform that aims
to facilitate online tutoring between students and tutors by helping them find
each other and providing them the online tools required to communicate and
collaborate remotely. 

### Tell us a bit about the concept of your business:


What do we do? \- “We connect STUDENTS with AFFORDABLE online QUALITY TUTORS
who help them achieve HIGHER GRADES” Why do we do it? \- “We BELIEVE tutoring
should be ACCESSIBLE, AFFORDABLE and FUN” How do we do it? \- “By providing a
SECURE, EASY TO USE, globally ACCESSIBLE ONLINE tutoring PLATFORM” ** What
lead you to start an online business? Where did you get the idea from? ** I
have extensive experience working within the blue chip technology companies.
My expertise has mainly been around managing the self-service based online
platforms. In fact, I have spent sometime working for an online education
conglomerate Houghton Mifflin Harcourt and this is where I got the passion to
start something in the online education domain. ** Did you use to work in the
education industry before launching your online business? ** Yes. I did setup
an education academy back in 2009 in Dublin, which ran for a year before being
closed down due to logistical issues. I was also a Tutor giving face to face
tuition while I was at college back in late 90's. ** What are the advantages /
disadvantages of online tutoring from your point of view? ** First of all
online tutoring is more AFFORDABLE than face to face tutoring. Consider the
amount of gas that a tutor would spend to reach your home especially if you
live in a remote area. These problems would not exist any more thanks to
online tutoring. You will have your lesson whenever is more suitable and
convenient for you with no transport costs. In addition to online learning is
low-stress and tailored for each student. I cannot think of any disadvantages
at the moment (smiling face). ** Why not launching an offline business? Or,
would you like to launch one in the future? ** Never say never, but I had
always been highly interested in online platforms. I believe that the future
of education is online: students don't need a physical classroom to learn. **
How do you see this online business evolving in the future? ** I really
believe that online tutoring can change the education face in better. I
strongly believe that the only thing constant in the world is change. Here at
Tuition desk we strive every day to ensure that all issues reported to us are
found and fixed immediately because we strive to not only meet, but also to
exceed customer expectations. If you would like to apply to become an online
tutor with Tuition Desk visit their website [ here
](http://www.tuitiondesk.com/) where you can register for free. You can also
find Tuition Desk on [ Twitter ](https://twitter.com/TuitionDesk) , [ Facebook
](https://www.facebook.com/TuitionDesk) and [ Google + ](https://plus.google.c
om/u/0/b/108797775424570902970/108797775424570902970/posts) . They are
celebrating 1000 fans on Facebook and for this reason they have organised a
photo contest where you can win €25 / £25 credit. Visit their [ blog
](http://www.tuitiondesk.com/blogs/photo-competition-who-has-the-messiest-
workstation/) for more information and good luck. [

![Tuition
Desk](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/02/Schermata-2014-06-24-alle-3.41.49-PM.png)
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/02/Schermata-2014-06-24-alle-3.41.49-PM.png)

This week we are very excited to welcome Tuition Desk and his Founder Adnan
Ajmi who will introduce his revolutionary online tutoring platform that aims
to facilitate online tutoring between students and tutors by helping them find
each other and providing them the online tools required to communicate and
collaborate remotely.



### Tell us a bit about the concept of your business:

   
What do we do?  
\- “We connect STUDENTS with AFFORDABLE online QUALITY TUTORS who help them
achieve HIGHER GRADES”

Why do we do it?  
\- “We BELIEVE tutoring should be ACCESSIBLE, AFFORDABLE and FUN”

How do we do it?  
\- “By providing a SECURE, EASY TO USE, globally ACCESSIBLE ONLINE tutoring
PLATFORM”



### What lead you to start an online business? Where did you get the idea from?

   
I have extensive experience working within the blue chip technology companies.
My expertise has mainly been around managing the self-service based online
platforms. In fact, I have spent sometime working for an online education
conglomerate Houghton Mifflin Harcourt and this is where I got the passion to
start something in the online education domain.



### Did you use to work in the education industry before launching your online business?

   
Yes. I did setup an education academy back in 2009 in Dublin, which ran for a
year before being closed down due to logistical issues. I was also a Tutor
giving face to face tuition while I was at college back in late 90's.



### What are the advantages / disadvantages of online tutoring from your point of view?

   
First of all online tutoring is more AFFORDABLE than face to face tutoring.
Consider the amount of gas that a tutor would spend to reach your home
especially if you live in a remote area. These problems would not exist any
more thanks to online tutoring. You will have your lesson whenever is more
suitable and convenient for you with no transport costs.

In addition to online learning is low-stress and tailored for each student. I
cannot think of any disadvantages at the moment (smiling face).



### Why not launching an offline business? Or, would you like to launch one in the future?

   
Never say never, but I had always been highly interested in online platforms.
I believe that the future of education is online: students don't need a
physical classroom to learn.



### How do you see this online business evolving in the future?

   
I really believe that online tutoring can change the education face in better.
I strongly believe that the only thing constant in the world is change. Here
at Tuition desk we strive every day to ensure that all issues reported to us
are found and fixed immediately because we strive to not only meet, but also
to exceed customer expectations.

If you would like to apply to become an online tutor with Tuition Desk visit
their website [ here ](http://www.tuitiondesk.com/)

where you can register for
free. You can also find Tuition Desk on [ Twitter
](https://twitter.com/TuitionDesk) , [ Facebook
](https://www.facebook.com/TuitionDesk) and [ Google + ](https://plus.google.c
om/u/0/b/108797775424570902970/108797775424570902970/posts) .

They are celebrating 1000 fans on Facebook and for this reason they have
organised a photo contest where you can win €25 / £25 credit. Visit their [
blog ](http://www.tuitiondesk.com/blogs/photo-competition-who-has-the-
messiest-workstation/) for more information and good luck.

[

![Tuition Desk](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/02/Schermata-2014-06-24-alle-3.41.49-PM.png)
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/02/Schermata-2014-06-24-alle-3.41.49-PM.png)

This week we are very excited to welcome Tuition Desk and his Founder Adnan
Ajmi who will introduce his revolutionary online tutoring platform that aims
to facilitate online tutoring between students and tutors by helping them find
each other and providing them the online tools required to communicate and
collaborate remotely.



### Tell us a bit about the concept of your business:

   
What do we do?  
\- “We connect STUDENTS with AFFORDABLE online QUALITY TUTORS who help them
achieve HIGHER GRADES”

Why do we do it?  
\- “We BELIEVE tutoring should be ACCESSIBLE, AFFORDABLE and FUN”

How do we do it?  
\- “By providing a SECURE, EASY TO USE, globally ACCESSIBLE ONLINE tutoring
PLATFORM”



### What lead you to start an online business? Where did you get the idea from?

   
I have extensive experience working within the blue chip technology companies.
My expertise has mainly been around managing the self-service based online
platforms. In fact, I have spent sometime working for an online education
conglomerate Houghton Mifflin Harcourt and this is where I got the passion to
start something in the online education domain.



### Did you use to work in the education industry before launching your online business?

   
Yes. I did setup an education academy back in 2009 in Dublin, which ran for a
year before being closed down due to logistical issues. I was also a Tutor
giving face to face tuition while I was at college back in late 90's.



### What are the advantages / disadvantages of online tutoring from your point of view?

   
First of all online tutoring is more AFFORDABLE than face to face tutoring.
Consider the amount of gas that a tutor would spend to reach your home
especially if you live in a remote area. These problems would not exist any
more thanks to online tutoring. You will have your lesson whenever is more
suitable and convenient for you with no transport costs.

In addition to online learning is low-stress and tailored for each student. I
cannot think of any disadvantages at the moment (smiling face).



### Why not launching an offline business? Or, would you like to launch one in the future?

   
Never say never, but I had always been highly interested in online platforms.
I believe that the future of education is online: students don't need a
physical classroom to learn.



### How do you see this online business evolving in the future?

   
I really believe that online tutoring can change the education face in better.
I strongly believe that the only thing constant in the world is change. Here
at Tuition desk we strive every day to ensure that all issues reported to us
are found and fixed immediately because we strive to not only meet, but also
to exceed customer expectations.

If you would like to apply to become an online tutor with Tuition Desk visit
their website [ here ](http://www.tuitiondesk.com/)

where you can register for
free. You can also find Tuition Desk on [ Twitter
](https://twitter.com/TuitionDesk) , [ Facebook
](https://www.facebook.com/TuitionDesk) and [ Google + ](https://plus.google.c
om/u/0/b/108797775424570902970/108797775424570902970/posts) .

They are celebrating 1000 fans on Facebook and for this reason they have
organised a photo contest where you can win €25 / £25 credit. Visit their [
blog ](http://www.tuitiondesk.com/blogs/photo-competition-who-has-the-
messiest-workstation/) for more information and good luck.

[

![Tuition Desk](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/02/Schermata-2014-06-24-alle-3.41.49-PM.png)
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/02/Schermata-2014-06-24-alle-3.41.49-PM.png)

This week we are very excited to welcome Tuition Desk and his Founder Adnan
Ajmi who will introduce his revolutionary online tutoring platform that aims
to facilitate online tutoring between students and tutors by helping them find
each other and providing them the online tools required to communicate and
collaborate remotely.



### Tell us a bit about the concept of your business:

   
What do we do?  
\- “We connect STUDENTS with AFFORDABLE online QUALITY TUTORS who help them
achieve HIGHER GRADES”

Why do we do it?  
\- “We BELIEVE tutoring should be ACCESSIBLE, AFFORDABLE and FUN”

How do we do it?  
\- “By providing a SECURE, EASY TO USE, globally ACCESSIBLE ONLINE tutoring
PLATFORM”



### What lead you to start an online business? Where did you get the idea from?

   
I have extensive experience working within the blue chip technology companies.
My expertise has mainly been around managing the self-service based online
platforms. In fact, I have spent sometime working for an online education
conglomerate Houghton Mifflin Harcourt and this is where I got the passion to
start something in the online education domain.



### Did you use to work in the education industry before launching your online business?

   
Yes. I did setup an education academy back in 2009 in Dublin, which ran for a
year before being closed down due to logistical issues. I was also a Tutor
giving face to face tuition while I was at college back in late 90's.



### What are the advantages / disadvantages of online tutoring from your point of view?

   
First of all online tutoring is more AFFORDABLE than face to face tutoring.
Consider the amount of gas that a tutor would spend to reach your home
especially if you live in a remote area. These problems would not exist any
more thanks to online tutoring. You will have your lesson whenever is more
suitable and convenient for you with no transport costs.

In addition to online learning is low-stress and tailored for each student. I
cannot think of any disadvantages at the moment (smiling face).



### Why not launching an offline business? Or, would you like to launch one in the future?

   
Never say never, but I had always been highly interested in online platforms.
I believe that the future of education is online: students don't need a
physical classroom to learn.



### How do you see this online business evolving in the future?

   
I really believe that online tutoring can change the education face in better.
I strongly believe that the only thing constant in the world is change. Here
at Tuition desk we strive every day to ensure that all issues reported to us
are found and fixed immediately because we strive to not only meet, but also
to exceed customer expectations.

If you would like to apply to become an online tutor with Tuition Desk visit
their website [ here ](http://www.tuitiondesk.com/)

where you can register for
free. You can also find Tuition Desk on [ Twitter
](https://twitter.com/TuitionDesk) , [ Facebook
](https://www.facebook.com/TuitionDesk) and [ Google + ](https://plus.google.c
om/u/0/b/108797775424570902970/108797775424570902970/posts) .

They are celebrating 1000 fans on Facebook and for this reason they have
organised a photo contest where you can win €25 / £25 credit. Visit their [
blog ](http://www.tuitiondesk.com/blogs/photo-competition-who-has-the-
messiest-workstation/) for more information and good luck.

[ ![Tuition Desk](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/02/Schermata-2014-06-24-alle-3.41.49-PM.png)
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/02/Schermata-2014-06-24-alle-3.41.49-PM.png)
