---
layout: post
title:  "What is cloud computing and what can it do for you?"
permalink: what-is-cloud-computing-and-what-can-it-do-for-you
redirect_from: /how-to-start-a-tuition-business1/what-is-cloud-computing-and-what-can-it-do-for-you2622014
---
Nowadays the term "cloud computing" is everywhere, but what does it mean? and
how can it be an advantage to your business? To put it into simple terms,
cloud computing means storing and accessing data and programs over the
Internet instead of your computer's hard drive. As the cloud is just a
metaphor for the Internet, chances are that you are already using it in your
everyday life. If you have an account with Hotmail, Yahoo! Mail or Gmail, then
you already have some experience with cloud computing. Usually when thinking
of computer resources in the cloud, we think of public clouds such as the ones
offered by YouTube or Amazon. On those websites or applications information
can be shared by millions of clients worldwide. However, with these type of
clouds, security and availability issues are different. More and more
companies are choosing private clouds which is an infrastructure for a single
organization, whether managed internally or by a third-party. An example of
such cloud-based system is TutorCruncher which securely stores all your tutor
and client databases online for you. Cloud computing has proven to be a good
alternative for companies, because it reduces costs and generates flexibility.
It allows consumers and businesses to use applications without installation
and access their personal files at any computer. This significant workload
shift means that local computers no longer have to do all the heavy lifting
when it comes to running applications. The only thing the user’s computer
really needs is an interface software, like for instance a simple Web browser.
The cloud’s network will take care of the rest.

What is cloud computing?  TutorCruncher
