---
layout: post
title:  Why it is so Important Teaching Kids to Code
permalink: why-it-is-so-important-teaching-kids-to-code
---
Everyone knows young people used to be called _ Digital Natives _ . But what
does it really mean? According to Mitch Resnick – the director of Lifelong
Kindergarten Group at the MIT Media Lab - there is no doubt that young people
are very comfortable and familiar browsing, chatting, texting and gaming but,
on the other hand, they often don't fully understand the technology they are
using. Says Resnick in a [ TED speech
](http://www.ted.com/talks/mitch_resnick_let_s_teach_kids_to_code) , young
people today have lots of experience and familiarity in interacting with new
technologies, but a lot less in creating and expressing themselves with them.
It's almost as if they can read but not write. In other words, they are
substantially code illiterate, which means they are equipped with the skills
to use the technology, but not to make it work. So, increasingly, people are
starting to recognize the importance of learning to code. In recent years,
some schools and organizations are taking steps in that direction. For
example, Estonia has became the first country in the world to teach first
graders how to write computer programs. In the United States, one in 10
schools are teaching code to children, and there are hundreds of new
organizations and websites that are helping young people learn to code, like [
Codecademy ](http://www.codecademy.com/) , [ Codeschool
](https://www.codeschool.com/) , [ Girls Who Code ](http://girlswhocode.com/)
or [ Black Girls Code ](http://www.blackgirlscode.com/) . According to Mark
Clarkson, head of computing and ICT at Egglescliffe School in Stockton in
north-east England, the idea is that everyone will have a basic understanding
of coding that will take them through the rest of their lives, even if they
will not become programmers.

Teaching Kids to Code,  TutorCruncher

Everyone knows young people used to be called _ Digital Natives _ . But what
does it really mean? According to Mitch Resnick – the director of Lifelong
Kindergarten Group at the MIT Media Lab - there is no doubt that young people
are very comfortable and familiar browsing, chatting, texting and gaming but,
on the other hand, they often don't fully understand the technology they are
using. Says Resnick in a [ TED speech
](http://www.ted.com/talks/mitch_resnick_let_s_teach_kids_to_code) , young
people today have lots of experience and familiarity in interacting with new
technologies, but a lot less in creating and expressing themselves with them.
It's almost as if they can read but not write. In other words, they are
substantially code illiterate, which means they are equipped with the skills
to use the technology, but not to make it work. So, increasingly, people are
starting to recognize the importance of learning to code. In recent years,
some schools and organizations are taking steps in that direction. For
example, Estonia has became the first country in the world to teach first
graders how to write computer programs. In the United States, one in 10
schools are teaching code to children, and there are hundreds of new
organizations and websites that are helping young people learn to code, like [
Codecademy ](http://www.codecademy.com/) , [ Codeschool
](https://www.codeschool.com/) , [ Girls Who Code ](http://girlswhocode.com/)
or [ Black Girls Code ](http://www.blackgirlscode.com/) . According to Mark
Clarkson, head of computing and ICT at Egglescliffe School in Stockton in
north-east England, the idea is that everyone will have a basic understanding
of coding that will take them through the rest of their lives, even if they
will not become programmers.

Everyone knows young people used to be called _ Digital Natives _ . But what
does it really mean? According to Mitch Resnick – the director of Lifelong
Kindergarten Group at the MIT Media Lab - there is no doubt that young people
are very comfortable and familiar browsing, chatting, texting and gaming but,
on the other hand, they often don't fully understand the technology they are
using. Says Resnick in a [ TED speech
](http://www.ted.com/talks/mitch_resnick_let_s_teach_kids_to_code) , young
people today have lots of experience and familiarity in interacting with new
technologies, but a lot less in creating and expressing themselves with them.
It's almost as if they can read but not write. In other words, they are
substantially code illiterate, which means they are equipped with the skills
to use the technology, but not to make it work. So, increasingly, people are
starting to recognize the importance of learning to code. In recent years,
some schools and organizations are taking steps in that direction. For
example, Estonia has became the first country in the world to teach first
graders how to write computer programs. In the United States, one in 10
schools are teaching code to children, and there are hundreds of new
organizations and websites that are helping young people learn to code, like [
Codecademy ](http://www.codecademy.com/) , [ Codeschool
](https://www.codeschool.com/) , [ Girls Who Code ](http://girlswhocode.com/)
or [ Black Girls Code ](http://www.blackgirlscode.com/) . According to Mark
Clarkson, head of computing and ICT at Egglescliffe School in Stockton in
north-east England, the idea is that everyone will have a basic understanding
of coding that will take them through the rest of their lives, even if they
will not become programmers.

Everyone knows young people used to be called _ Digital Natives _ . But what
does it really mean? According to Mitch Resnick – the director of Lifelong
Kindergarten Group at the MIT Media Lab - there is no doubt that young people
are very comfortable and familiar browsing, chatting, texting and gaming but,
on the other hand, they often don't fully understand the technology they are
using. Says Resnick in a [ TED speech
](http://www.ted.com/talks/mitch_resnick_let_s_teach_kids_to_code) , young
people today have lots of experience and familiarity in interacting with new
technologies, but a lot less in creating and expressing themselves with them.
It's almost as if they can read but not write. In other words, they are
substantially code illiterate, which means they are equipped with the skills
to use the technology, but not to make it work. So, increasingly, people are
starting to recognize the importance of learning to code. In recent years,
some schools and organizations are taking steps in that direction. For
example, Estonia has became the first country in the world to teach first
graders how to write computer programs. In the United States, one in 10
schools are teaching code to children, and there are hundreds of new
organizations and websites that are helping young people learn to code, like [
Codecademy ](http://www.codecademy.com/) , [ Codeschool
](https://www.codeschool.com/) , [ Girls Who Code ](http://girlswhocode.com/)
or [ Black Girls Code ](http://www.blackgirlscode.com/) . According to Mark
Clarkson, head of computing and ICT at Egglescliffe School in Stockton in
north-east England, the idea is that everyone will have a basic understanding
of coding that will take them through the rest of their lives, even if they
will not become programmers.
