---
layout: post
title:  "5 Ways to Improve Your Tutoring Agency’s Blog"
permalink: improve-your-tutoring-blog
---
![Blog](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/09/blog-300x297.jpg) Nowadays, most tutoring agencies
understand the importance of having a blog on their website. Given that
there’s now a lot more competition in the tutoring blogsphere, how exactly can
you make yours stand out from the rest of the crowd? Here are our five tips to
improve your [ tutoring agency blog ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/tutoring-
agency-needs-blog/) and set your company apart from the competition. ** Report
on Industry News Before Anyone Else ** There’s a lot to be said for being the
first to alert people to breaking news stories. If you report on any changes
or trends within the tutoring industry before anyone else, you’re blog is
likely to be read first in the industry. One of the easiest ways to ensure
that you stay ahead of the game is to set up a Google alert for keywords
relating to the tutoring industry. This will ensure that any new news stories
are sent straight to your inbox, saving you time searching for keywords and
news stories individually. 

### Don’t Just Write Any Old Content

If you want
to establish your blog as the best in the industry, then you need to become a
thought leader. To do this, you need to [ write blog posts that are forward-
thinking ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/blogging-ideas-tutoring-agency/) and
define the tutoring industry in some way. Conducting tutor surveys can be a
great way to build your blog’s reputation, as can conducting interviews with
influential members of the tutoring community. When it comes to building a
recognisable blog, it’s all about the value that your content adds. ** Make
Your Content Shareable ** As well as writing thought provoking articles, you
also need to ensure that your blog posts are easily shared with your readers.
Make sure that you have social media share buttons set up on your blog posts
so that people can easily share your writing with other people. You don’t
necessarily need to be active on every social media platform, as your readers
can grow your reputation for you through sharing your posts. Also, if your
agency is fairly active on Twitter, consider embedding a ‘tweet this’ link
within the body of your articles so that people are reminded to share your
content early on in the post. 

### Use Images That Tell a Story

The most
intriguing images that you can use on your blog posts are ones that tell a
story. It can be difficult to think outside the box and find an image that
intrigues your readers, especially in the tutoring industry, but if you can
find one, it’ll make all the difference. Instead of posting general education
images, try to find photos that relate to the content of your post somehow but
without being too obvious. Sometimes an image that doesn’t appear to have
anything to do with the headline of your post can appeal to your readers’
curiosity and encourage them to click through to the main article. ** Focus on
Style and Tone ** When it comes to writing blog posts, those that are written
in a conversational tone tend to be the most engaging. Although the tutoring
industry can be quite factual, especially if writing about specific subjects,
try to present information in an entertaining way. You may also want to
consider [ how your blog posts are laid out on the page
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/optimize-tutoring-agencys-blog/) . People tend
to engage with posts that are written using subheadings and paragraphs.
Sometimes breaking traditional writing rules can also help make your content
stand out. For example, if a sentence is particularly important, why not give
it its own line? Or if you feel that you need to start a sentence using the
words ‘and’ or ‘because’ then go for it – sometimes informality is needed when
writing about technical subjects. Do use any of these tips on your tutoring
agency’s blog? Which of the above do you believe to be the most effective in
improving your blog readership? Do you have any tips you’d like to share with
our readers? We’d be keen to hear from you.
