---
layout: post
title:  "How to Promote Your Tuition Agency Online Using Google AdWords"
permalink: promote-tuition-agency-online-using-google-adwords/
---
For tuition agencies that want to promote themselves online and don’t have
much of a budget, [ Google AdWords
](http://support.google.com/adwords/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=1704410) can be
a great way of ensuring your site appears on Google’s first page for some of
the crucial search phrases. You can spend as much or as little as you like on
AdWords because it operates on a pay-per-click model and you’re only charged
when a user clicks your ad. Here are our top tips for implementing a
successful AdWords campaign.

### Choosing Your Keywords

You should think carefully about which keywords you want your ad to appear
under. The words you decide upon are those that your ad will appear under in
search results. The more popular the keyword, the more expensive the cost-per-
click of appearing under those searches. You’ll likely want to choose keywords
relating to your brand and the tuition industry in general. The more specific
your keywords, the effectively you’ll be able to target your audience. For
example, rather than choosing ‘private tutors London’, you may want to choose
‘tutoring agencies London’ as you know your audience will be specifically
looking for agencies rather than individual tutors. These shorter tail
keywords can have high costs per click, due to there being lots of competition
so you should also try to target some long tail keywords as well using longer
sentences or phrases. People often search using several different combinations
of words, so make sure you have those covered too. Phrases like ‘ [ how to
choose a tutoring agency ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/common-mistakes-
choosing-tutoring-agency/) ’ are usually particularly effective. You can use
the keyword planner within the Adwords interface to help you find more
keywords when you’re stuck for ideas.

### Target Your Audience Geographically

Google AdWords also enables you to appear under searches that that relate to a
specific area. For example, if your agency is based in Central London and you
only tutor within this area, you probably don’t want to appear in results
relating to Cambridge. You can target your audience based on postcode, city or
by choosing a specific radius around your local area, e.g. within 5 miles of
Central London. Geotargeting your AdWords campaign is a clever way to improve
your conversion rates and ensure that people who click through to your site
are actually interested in using your agency’s services.

### Device Targeting

The future of online marketing is [ device targeting
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/features/mobile-app/) and things are no
different with Google AdWords. With AdWords, you can adjust your bids
depending on whether a search has been carried out on desktop computers or
laptops, mobile devices or tablets. Bid adjustments can be made within
campaigns to prioritise which devices are more valuable. It is important to
keep in mind the direction in which the search market is moving. This is
currently towards mobile. Indeed, as shown in the following graph, the
percentage of web search on tablets and smartphones has been appreciably
increasing by 5 and 3,5 per cent respectively, in 2013.

[

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="{{ site.static}}/img/blogs/Mobile-Traffic.png" alt-text="Mobile Traffic"/>
</div>

]({{ site.static}}/img/blogs/Mobile-Traffic.png)

Remember that with Google AdWords, you only spend as much as you want. You’re
able to set your budget per day, which can be as little as £1. AdWords can be
a good introduction to paid advertising and is a low risk way of discovering
whether paid advertising will work for your agency.

What are your experiences of using Google AdWords for your tutoring agency? Do
you have any success stories you’d like to share with our readers? What other
tips do you have for agencies considering using AdWords for the first time?
Please leave your comments below.
