---
layout: post
title:  "How to Get Students On Board With Your Lessons"
permalink: engage-students-in-learning/
---
As a tutor, it can be frustrating when a student loses interest in your
lesson. Sometimes, you need to revise your approach and adopt new teaching
strategies to move things forward. Having a good relationship with a student
can make all the difference to their learning. You need to gain their trust
and promote a clear communication channel to ensure that they feel comfortable
asking questions during your lessons.

### Share Your Interests

One of the most effective ways to get a ‘buy in’ from your students is to
share a little information about yourself. This can make students feel more at
ease during lessons. Tell them about your hobbies or your own experiences of
receiving tuition. What you’re hoping to do is remove any obstacles that could
get in the way of your student’s learning. Sharing your interests with
students enables them see you as less of an authority figure and gives them
common ground to connect. Dropping in little pieces of information that they
may find interesting throughout your lessons can help strengthen your
connection. 

### Give Students Your Full Attention

If you want a student to be fully engaged with your lessons then you need to
give them your full attention and reassure them that you’re there to help.
Give them constructive advice and feedback on their work and acknowledge their
opinions. Listen carefully and answer the questions they have specifically
asked – not the question you would like to answer yourself. Being present in
the moment will show your student that you are responsive to their learning
needs, which in turn, should help realign their focus. Try to remove any
distraction from your working area that might act as obstacle to your
student’s learning.

### Ask Open Questions

For certain subjects that require analytical thinking, try asking open
questions to prompt your student to share their opinions on the material being
studied. This strategy can prove particularly effective for students who feel
they’re unable to participate if they don’t have the correct answer straight
away. Sometimes having a student discuss their thoughts out loud can give you
the opportunity to signpost their answer and re-engage them in the content of
your lesson. Ask your student to explain the meaning or the idea behind a
particular question even if that’s not what is being directly asked. By
encouraging discussion, students often find themselves in a more resourceful
position and more able to engage with the lesson. 

### Take Things Slowly

As a tutor, it can be tempting to cover as much material as possible during
lessons. However, try not to overload your student with too much information
as this can often be the reason behind their lack of motivation. By adhering
to an agreed study plan, your student won’t expect any surprises and will be
in a better position to prepare them self for the lesson beforehand. Before
moving on to something different, make sure your student is confident in the
topic and fully understands each aspect.

Engage students in learning,  TutorCruncher

_ What methods do you use to get students on board with your lessons? Have you
had any similar experiences of trying to re-engage students? We’d be
interested to hear your thoughts. _
