---
layout: post
title:  "What Does Tuition Centre Software Offer that Traditional Accounting Software"
permalink: tuition-centre-software/
---
[

![software](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/12/software-417880_640-300x280.jpg)

](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/12/software-417880_640.jpg) You’ve probably heard about
online accounting software that enables you to take care of your books.
Software like KashFlow, Sage and ClearBooks all offer some great accounting
features but you’re running a tutoring agency, so what you need is software
that’s been designed specifically with your needs in mind. Here’s what tuition
centre software can do for your agency that other accounting software can’t.

### Manage Tutor, Parent and Pupil Profiles

Our tuition centre software
makes your administration much more manageable. Our software enables your
tutors to update their own profiles, apply for jobs, plan their own lessons
and claim their own expenses. They can also create timesheets after every
lesson using our online portal or our mobile app. With our software, tutors
can generate invoices, payments and progress reports at the drop of a hat,
without having any technical knowledge. Tuition centre software also enables
parents to keep up to date with their children’s progress through accessing
reports via our online portal. What’s more, parents can also see their child’s
study schedule and pay any outstanding invoices using the same access point.

### Invoicing and Payroll

Okay, so most accounting software offers invoicing
and payroll facilities, but how many cater specifically to the needs of
tutoring agencies? Our tuition centre software splits timesheets into
individual parts and enables agencies to keep track of everyone who needs to
be paid. The timesheets show pupil fees, tutor amounts, tax amounts, third
party referral fees, pupil reports and tutor expenses. Our software also
enables agencies to better manage their cash flow as they can decide to pay
tutors once lessons have been paid for by the client. You can also send
invoice reminders in bulk to parents who have yet to pay and you can review
outstanding and overdue invoices at the click of a button. ** Lesson Planning
** Our tuition centre software enables you or your tutors to easily schedule
lessons plans for students using a few simple drop-down menus. You can also
assign new jobs to suitable tutors through the ‘Available for Applications’
option or tutors can apply for new jobs directly themselves. If your agency
operates from a permanent office, our scheduling features also enable you to
check the availability of rooms and book them if they’re free, which reduces
the chances of double bookings. What’s more, if your tutoring agency runs
group lessons, our ‘Classes’ feature allows multiple students to be assigned
to the one job. This feature is particularly useful for tutors who teach
several family members, whether as a group or as individuals. Do you use
traditional accounting software for your tutoring agency admin? In what ways
do you find the software limiting for your needs? What do you see as being the
benefits of using TutorCruncher’s tuition centre software instead? We’d love
to hear from you and we’d be delighted to answer any questions you might have
about our software.
