---
layout: post
title:  The Most Common Mistakes People Make When Choosing a Tutoring Agency
permalink: common-mistakes-choosing-tutoring-agency
---
Using a tuition agency can be a big step for students, so you’ll want to
ensure that the agency you choose is reliable, has a good reputation and
delivers the kind of results you’re looking for. To help you make your
decision on which tutoring agency to choose, we’ve put together a list of the
most common mistakes people make when making their choice. ** A Lack of
Research ** [ Competition within the private tuition industry
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/private-tuition-market-in-the-uk-overview/
"Private Tuition Market in the UK: Overview" ) is high and your local area
might have several different agencies to choose from. The best way to ensure
that you choose the right one for you is to do your research. Visit each
agency’s website and have a look at what services they offer. Compare the
prices of each agency and try to gauge the value they can add to your
learning. It can also help to read online reviews left by other students and
parents to give you an idea of what it’s like studying there. The more
research you do of each agency, the more knowledgeable you’ll become about
their services and the better prepared you’ll be to make a decision on which
one will be best. ** Not Asking the Correct Questions ** When speaking with a
tuition agency by phone or in person, many people don’t ask the correct
questions to determine whether the agency will be suitable. You’ll want to
know how many students attend the agency, how do they [ select their tutors
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/how-to-match-students-and-tutors/ "How to Match
Students and Tutors" ) and what qualifications do they have, what their
success rate is and what facilities will be on offer on-site. It can help to
write down a list of questions you’d like to ask beforehand to help gather
your thoughts before the conversation. ** Not Asking for a Guided Tour ** One
way of knowing for sure, whether an agency is right for you, is to arrange for
a tour of the company. Sometimes, tuition agencies arrange open days and
invite people to take a look around the facility. However, if there are none
planned, its worthwhile asking for a private tour. Having a look inside the
agency will give you an idea of what it’s like to study there and it’ll give
you an idea of what the atmosphere is like. Can you see yourself being
productive in this space? What facilities do they have on offer? Does the
staff seem friendly and inviting? ** Not Taking Time to Speak With Existing
Students and Tutors ** During your tour of the agency, make sure you allow
time to speak with individual tutors. Their insights can help you [ decide
whether the agency will be suitable for you
](http://brightyoungthings.co.uk/how-to-choose-a-tuition-agency-for-your-
child/ "How to Choose a Tuition Agency For Your Child" ) . Ask what their
overall approach is to learning at the agency, do they enjoy working there?
How many staff are on hand during a typical day? You should also take this
opportunity to speak with existing students. Do they enjoy studying at the
agency? Have they noticed an improvement in their grades? How do they find the
level of support on offer? Have you ever used a tuition agency before? What
were the things that influenced your final decision on which one to attend?
Was there any information you forgot to ask while you were there? Is there
anything you’d like to add to this post? We welcome your thoughts and
opinions.
