---
layout: post
title:  "How to Encourage Students to Take Control of Their Learning"
permalink: how-to-encourage-students-to-take-control-of-their-learning
---
Students often become disillusioned with their learning and can feel
frustrated when their results don’t reflect in their efforts. So as a private
tutor, how can you help students become successful and find joy in learning?
Tutors can help by setting realistic expectations and helping them to develop
independent work habits.



### Developing Good Study Habits



Developing independent study habits enables a student to feel like a
successful learner. Feelings of achievement and success encourage students to
realign their focus and commitment. Tutors can help by reinforcing
achievements with positive language and by showing students tangibly, how far
they've come in their learning. Developing good study habits is also about
time management. Encouraging your students to keep to a regular study routine
will help them to maintain their level of learning throughout the year. It’s
also a good idea to regularly review your student’s study routine depending on
the time of year. Towards exam time for example, students will need to study
more often and probably for longer periods. ** Encourage Students to Set Their
Own Goals **

As the old saying goes, ‘he who controls the agenda controls the outcome.’ If
a student decides on their own goals then they will be more likely to take
responsibility in working towards achieving them. It’s all very well setting
goals for your student but if they don’t believe they’re possible, they won’t
commit in the same way. It’s therefore important to encourage students to
really think about what they’re hoping to achieve. Looking further into the
future can be a good way to start setting goals. If your student has
aspirations to work in a certain profession, you can use those ambitions as
motivation for setting educational targets.



### Focus On the Positives

 It can be easy for students to become complacent about their learning when they feel they aren’t getting the results they want. Sometimes all it takes is some encouraging words to put things back on track again. Every student has their strengths and when someone loses control of their learning, focusing on what has went well so far can be a productive step in regaining a feeling of ownership. As a tutor, by reinforcing what your student is already doing well, you’ll help them see that they are capable of achieving their goals with a little extra effort and a positive attitude. 

### Create an Actionable Plan



Often, having a plan to refer to can be a good way of encouraging students to
take responsibility for their learning. The best laid plans are always the
ones that start small and grow into something bigger. By breaking your
students’ goals down into small, manageable chunks, the bigger task at hand
won’t seem so daunting. Once your student has found their confidence again,
you can revisit the plan and adjust it as necessary to ensure your student is
challenging themselves and on the correct path to achieving their goals.

_ What techniques do you employ to encourage students to take control of their
learning? Have you ever used any of the methods above? How did they work out?
We’d be keen to hear about your experiences as a tutor. _

Students often become disillusioned with their learning and can feel
frustrated when their results don’t reflect in their efforts. So as a private
tutor, how can you help students become successful and find joy in learning?
Tutors can help by setting realistic expectations and helping them to develop
independent work habits.



### Developing Good Study Habits



Developing independent study habits enables a student to feel like a
successful learner. Feelings of achievement and success encourage students to
realign their focus and commitment. Tutors can help by reinforcing
achievements with positive language and by showing students tangibly, how far
they've come in their learning. Developing good study habits is also about
time management. Encouraging your students to keep to a regular study routine
will help them to maintain their level of learning throughout the year. It’s
also a good idea to regularly review your student’s study routine depending on
the time of year. Towards exam time for example, students will need to study
more often and probably for longer periods. ** Encourage Students to Set Their
Own Goals **

As the old saying goes, ‘he who controls the agenda controls the outcome.’ If
a student decides on their own goals then they will be more likely to take
responsibility in working towards achieving them. It’s all very well setting
goals for your student but if they don’t believe they’re possible, they won’t
commit in the same way. It’s therefore important to encourage students to
really think about what they’re hoping to achieve. Looking further into the
future can be a good way to start setting goals. If your student has
aspirations to work in a certain profession, you can use those ambitions as
motivation for setting educational targets.



### Focus On the Positives

 It can be easy for students to become complacent about their learning when they feel they aren’t getting the results they want. Sometimes all it takes is some encouraging words to put things back on track again. Every student has their strengths and when someone loses control of their learning, focusing on what has went well so far can be a productive step in regaining a feeling of ownership. As a tutor, by reinforcing what your student is already doing well, you’ll help them see that they are capable of achieving their goals with a little extra effort and a positive attitude. 

### Create an Actionable Plan



Often, having a plan to refer to can be a good way of encouraging students to
take responsibility for their learning. The best laid plans are always the
ones that start small and grow into something bigger. By breaking your
students’ goals down into small, manageable chunks, the bigger task at hand
won’t seem so daunting. Once your student has found their confidence again,
you can revisit the plan and adjust it as necessary to ensure your student is
challenging themselves and on the correct path to achieving their goals.

_ What techniques do you employ to encourage students to take control of their
learning? Have you ever used any of the methods above? How did they work out?
We’d be keen to hear about your experiences as a tutor. _

Students often become disillusioned with their learning and can feel
frustrated when their results don’t reflect in their efforts. So as a private
tutor, how can you help students become successful and find joy in learning?
Tutors can help by setting realistic expectations and helping them to develop
independent work habits.



### Developing Good Study Habits



Developing independent study habits enables a student to feel like a
successful learner. Feelings of achievement and success encourage students to
realign their focus and commitment. Tutors can help by reinforcing
achievements with positive language and by showing students tangibly, how far
they've come in their learning. Developing good study habits is also about
time management. Encouraging your students to keep to a regular study routine
will help them to maintain their level of learning throughout the year. It’s
also a good idea to regularly review your student’s study routine depending on
the time of year. Towards exam time for example, students will need to study
more often and probably for longer periods. ** Encourage Students to Set Their
Own Goals **

As the old saying goes, ‘he who controls the agenda controls the outcome.’ If
a student decides on their own goals then they will be more likely to take
responsibility in working towards achieving them. It’s all very well setting
goals for your student but if they don’t believe they’re possible, they won’t
commit in the same way. It’s therefore important to encourage students to
really think about what they’re hoping to achieve. Looking further into the
future can be a good way to start setting goals. If your student has
aspirations to work in a certain profession, you can use those ambitions as
motivation for setting educational targets.



### Focus On the Positives

 It can be easy for students to become complacent about their learning when they feel they aren’t getting the results they want. Sometimes all it takes is some encouraging words to put things back on track again. Every student has their strengths and when someone loses control of their learning, focusing on what has went well so far can be a productive step in regaining a feeling of ownership. As a tutor, by reinforcing what your student is already doing well, you’ll help them see that they are capable of achieving their goals with a little extra effort and a positive attitude. 

### Create an Actionable Plan



Often, having a plan to refer to can be a good way of encouraging students to
take responsibility for their learning. The best laid plans are always the
ones that start small and grow into something bigger. By breaking your
students’ goals down into small, manageable chunks, the bigger task at hand
won’t seem so daunting. Once your student has found their confidence again,
you can revisit the plan and adjust it as necessary to ensure your student is
challenging themselves and on the correct path to achieving their goals.

_ What techniques do you employ to encourage students to take control of their
learning? Have you ever used any of the methods above? How did they work out?
We’d be keen to hear about your experiences as a tutor. _

Students often become disillusioned with their learning and can feel
frustrated when their results don’t reflect in their efforts. So as a private
tutor, how can you help students become successful and find joy in learning?
Tutors can help by setting realistic expectations and helping them to develop
independent work habits.



### Developing Good Study Habits



Developing independent study habits enables a student to feel like a
successful learner. Feelings of achievement and success encourage students to
realign their focus and commitment. Tutors can help by reinforcing
achievements with positive language and by showing students tangibly, how far
they've come in their learning. Developing good study habits is also about
time management. Encouraging your students to keep to a regular study routine
will help them to maintain their level of learning throughout the year. It’s
also a good idea to regularly review your student’s study routine depending on
the time of year. Towards exam time for example, students will need to study
more often and probably for longer periods. ** Encourage Students to Set Their
Own Goals **

As the old saying goes, ‘he who controls the agenda controls the outcome.’ If
a student decides on their own goals then they will be more likely to take
responsibility in working towards achieving them. It’s all very well setting
goals for your student but if they don’t believe they’re possible, they won’t
commit in the same way. It’s therefore important to encourage students to
really think about what they’re hoping to achieve. Looking further into the
future can be a good way to start setting goals. If your student has
aspirations to work in a certain profession, you can use those ambitions as
motivation for setting educational targets.



### Focus On the Positives

 It can be easy for students to become complacent about their learning when they feel they aren’t getting the results they want. Sometimes all it takes is some encouraging words to put things back on track again. Every student has their strengths and when someone loses control of their learning, focusing on what has went well so far can be a productive step in regaining a feeling of ownership. As a tutor, by reinforcing what your student is already doing well, you’ll help them see that they are capable of achieving their goals with a little extra effort and a positive attitude. 

### Create an Actionable Plan



Often, having a plan to refer to can be a good way of encouraging students to
take responsibility for their learning. The best laid plans are always the
ones that start small and grow into something bigger. By breaking your
students’ goals down into small, manageable chunks, the bigger task at hand
won’t seem so daunting. Once your student has found their confidence again,
you can revisit the plan and adjust it as necessary to ensure your student is
challenging themselves and on the correct path to achieving their goals.

_ What techniques do you employ to encourage students to take control of their
learning? Have you ever used any of the methods above? How did they work out?
We’d be keen to hear about your experiences as a tutor. _
