---
layout: post
title:  "Improving Your Tuition Skills"
permalink: improving-your-tuition-skills
---
Whether you’re new to tutoring or a seasoned veteran, there’s always room for
improving your skills. Being flexible and adaptable in your teaching style
enables you to get the most out of your students, so to help you hone your
skills; we’ve put together a list of ways you can take your teaching to the
next level. 

### Adapt to Your Student’s Learning Style

Students learn in
different ways. Some respond better to a more visual approach using images,
diagrams and videos, whereas others are more reflective, preferring to learn
through reading and taking notes. Some students learn best by taking a
practical approach and being hands-on with the subject matter. Students who
learn better by doing often prefer to work through practical examples or
relate theories and ideas to real-world situations. There are a number of free
online tests you can do with your students to determine which learning style
suits them best but whichever style they prefer, it’s important that you have
ideas for how to make lessons inspiring for them. By being adaptable in your
approach and with a little forward-planning, you can get the most out of your
students. 

### Take a Student-Centred Approach

Keeping on top of the latest
developments in teaching methods can be a great way to improve your tuition
skills. With a move towards student-focused learning in recent years, try
embracing some new techniques to better engage your students with your
lessons. Ask them questions and ask for their thoughts on a particular topic
or question. Encouraging a student to reflect on their own learning gives them
time to adjust any areas that need improvement and promotes their own
learning-awareness. If a student feels they are in control of their learning,
they’ll be more likely to achieve their goals. 

### Embrace New Technologies

Are you living in the dark ages when it comes to implementing technology into
your tutoring? Nowadays, most students already have a developed understanding
of technology and how it impacts on their lives. Almost every student owns a
laptop, mobile device or tablet and they’re normally very comfortable using
them. Think of ways that you can incorporate these technologies into your
lessons to make them more stimulating for your students. There are tonnes of
different educational apps and software out there that you can make use of,
all it takes is a little research. 

### Personalise Lessons

Get to know a bit
about your students on a personal level. What are their hobbies and interests?
The more you get to know your students, the better equipped you’ll be to
personalise lessons to suit their interests. We all learn better when we feel
a connection to the subject we’re studying. Even though it may not be possible
to personalise every single piece of theory or idea, it’s useful to be aware
of any opportunities as they arise. Perhaps there’s a particular aspect of a
subject that you know your student will enjoy or a particular book that you
think they’ll find interesting? Actively seek out these opportunities to make
lessons as interesting as possible. _ How do you ensure that you’re constantly
improving your tuition skills? Are you focusing on any particular area at the
moment? How do you think these tips will help you in engaging with your
students better? We’d love to hear from you. _
