---
layout: post
title:  Is Your Tutoring Agency Making These Email Marketing Mistakes?
permalink: email-marketing-mistakes
---
Email marketing can be a hugely effective way for tutoring agencies to
generate more business. However, if done incorrectly, your efforts can
actually lose your agency business. To help ensure that you’re [ making the
most of your email ma ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/how-to-improve-your-
email-marketing/) [ rketing campaigns, ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/how-to-
improve-your-email-marketing/) we’ve put together the most common mistakes
that tutoring agencies make in their email marketing efforts. ** Sending Only
Promotional Emails ** There’s nothing wrong with telling your customers about
your latest offers and promotions, just don’t do it all the time. It’s
important to strike a balance between promotion and engagement when it comes
to email marketing so think twice about what kind of email you’re sending.
Email can be a great way to build relationships with your customers so make
sure that you’ve firmly established a trusted connection with your
distribution list before you send them promotional information. If your
customers trust you and see that your goal is to offer them value, then
they’ll be less likely to unsubscribe from your email list and report your
emails as spam. ** ![starmail](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/09/starmail-300x268.jpg) Sending Too Many Emails Too
Often ** One sure fire way of encouraging people to unsubscribe from your
emails is to bombard them with promotions every day. Knowing the best time to
send an email can greatly improve the success of your campaigns. According to
a [ 2012 study by marketing experts Experian
](http://www.experian.com/assets/cheetahmail/white-papers/email-marketing-
quarterly-benchmark-study-q4-2012.pdf) , people are more likely to respond to
promotional emails they receive over the weekend – when the amount of emails
they receive is at its lowest. Given this information, consider what type of
email your agency normally sends during the week – is it promotional or
relationship building? ** Misleading or Spam Subject Lines ** An often
overlooked aspectof email marketing is the subject line. Statistically, only
20% of people read past an email subject line, so you need to ensure that what
you write grabs people’s attention. And of course, you’ll want to ensure that
people actually receive your email to their inboxes and not to their spam
folders. Try avoiding words like ‘free’ ‘offer’ and ‘sale’ in your email
subject lines as these words usually trigger an email providers’ spam filter,
meaning your email will go straight into your recipient’s junk folder. Also,
make sure that your email subject isn’t misleading and actually delivers what
it promises. There’s nothing more frustrating reading through an email only to
findthat there’s a catch or condition attached to it
![SubjectLinesMakeADifference](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/09/SubjectLinesMakeADifference-300x200.jpg) ** Writing
Long Emails ** Think about how many emails your tutoring agency receives on a
daily basis. If you’re anything like us, you’ll spend the best part of your
morning sifting through emails and [ responding to those which are most
pressing ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/tuition-agencies-how-to-prepare-for-
busy-periods/) . One way to ensure that people read all the way to the bottom
of your email is to keep it short and to the point. When it comes to email
marketing, long text often puts people off reading in the first place, so make
sure that your email is long enough to get your point across but not too long
to tempt people to delete it. Is your tutoring agency making these email
marketing mistakes? What do you find to be the most challenging aspect of
email marketing? How do you plan to improve your email marketing success rate
over the next few months? We’d be keen to hear about your experiences in the
comments section below.
