---
layout: post
title:  "How to write a great press release"
permalink: how-to-write-a-great-press-release
---
A press release is a short, compelling document detailing product releases,
events, announcements and other newsworthy items that your tutoring business
produces. The following tips of how to write a great press release will make
your business look professional, accessible and attractive to writers looking
for stories. 

### Grab attention with a good headline

 A strong headline will
pull in journalists, who are seeking good stories. Your headline should be as
engaging and accurate. 

### Get right to the point in the first paragraph


Reporters are busy people, who are always looking for the next big story.
Because of this they might only read the first sentence and scan the rest. Get
the message of your press release out quickly. Every important point should be
addressed in the first few sentences. The next paragraphs are the supporting
information. 

### Include hard numbers

 It is very easy to fill up a page the
creative and colourful descriptions – leave that for the writer. Focus on
creating hard numbers and facts to support the significance of your product or
announcement. When starting a new tutoring business, show number of how many
students you have, their improvement and grades ** Make it grammatically
flawless ** Proofread your press release before sending it out. Even a single
mistake can dissuade a reporter from taking you seriously. ** Include quotes
whenever possible ** Including a good quote from a student or parent can give
a human element to your press release, as well as being a source of
information in its own right. 

### Include your contact information

 Every
press release can become ineffectual without contact information. For a report
to be willing to follow up, there need to be contact information. Whether it
is you or someone else in your tutoring business is the point of contact.
Don’t forget to include an email address and phone number on the release.
Preferably at the top of the page. 

### One page is best – Two is the maximum


As with most good writing, shorter is usually better. Limit yourself to one
page. This will also force you to condense your most salient information into
a more readable document. 

### Provide access to more information 

 You must
limit your release to one page, but that does not mean you can’t show people
how to learn more. Providing relevant links to your tutoring business’
website, where prospective writers can learn more about your mission within
education and accomplishments. That is a crucial element to your press
release. Don’t make writers search on their own for more information – guide
them quickly to your website.

A press release is a short, compelling document detailing product releases,
events, announcements and other newsworthy items that your tutoring business
produces.

The following tips of how to write a great press release will make your
business look professional, accessible and attractive to writers looking for
stories.



### Grab attention with a good headline

   
A strong headline will pull in journalists, who are seeking good stories. Your
headline should be as engaging and accurate.



### Get right to the point in the first paragraph

   
Reporters are busy people, who are always looking for the next big story.
Because of this they might only read the first sentence and scan the rest. Get
the message of your press release out quickly. Every important point should be
addressed in the first few sentences. The next paragraphs are the supporting
information.



### Include hard numbers

   
It is very easy to fill up a page the creative and colourful descriptions –
leave that for the writer. Focus on creating hard numbers and facts to support
the significance of your product or announcement. When starting a new tutoring
business, show number of how many students you have, their improvement and
grades



### Make it grammatically flawless

   
Proofread your press release before sending it out. Even a single mistake can
dissuade a reporter from taking you seriously.



### Include quotes whenever possible

   
Including a good quote from a student or parent can give a human element to
your press release, as well as being a source of information in its own right.



### Include your contact information

   
Every press release can become ineffectual without contact information. For a
report to be willing to follow up, there need to be contact information.
Whether it is you or someone else in your tutoring business is the point of
contact. Don’t forget to include an email address and phone number on the
release. Preferably at the top of the page.



### One page is best – Two is the maximum

   
As with most good writing, shorter is usually better. Limit yourself to one
page. This will also force you to condense your most salient information into
a more readable document.



### Provide access to more information 

   
You must limit your release to one page, but that does not mean you can’t show
people how to learn more. Providing relevant links to your tutoring business’
website, where prospective writers can learn more about your mission within
education and accomplishments. That is a crucial element to your press
release. Don’t make writers search on their own for more information – guide
them quickly to your website.

A press release is a short, compelling document detailing product releases,
events, announcements and other newsworthy items that your tutoring business
produces.

The following tips of how to write a great press release will make your
business look professional, accessible and attractive to writers looking for
stories.



### Grab attention with a good headline

   
A strong headline will pull in journalists, who are seeking good stories. Your
headline should be as engaging and accurate.



### Get right to the point in the first paragraph

   
Reporters are busy people, who are always looking for the next big story.
Because of this they might only read the first sentence and scan the rest. Get
the message of your press release out quickly. Every important point should be
addressed in the first few sentences. The next paragraphs are the supporting
information.



### Include hard numbers

   
It is very easy to fill up a page the creative and colourful descriptions –
leave that for the writer. Focus on creating hard numbers and facts to support
the significance of your product or announcement. When starting a new tutoring
business, show number of how many students you have, their improvement and
grades



### Make it grammatically flawless

   
Proofread your press release before sending it out. Even a single mistake can
dissuade a reporter from taking you seriously.



### Include quotes whenever possible

   
Including a good quote from a student or parent can give a human element to
your press release, as well as being a source of information in its own right.



### Include your contact information

   
Every press release can become ineffectual without contact information. For a
report to be willing to follow up, there need to be contact information.
Whether it is you or someone else in your tutoring business is the point of
contact. Don’t forget to include an email address and phone number on the
release. Preferably at the top of the page.



### One page is best – Two is the maximum

   
As with most good writing, shorter is usually better. Limit yourself to one
page. This will also force you to condense your most salient information into
a more readable document.



### Provide access to more information 

   
You must limit your release to one page, but that does not mean you can’t show
people how to learn more. Providing relevant links to your tutoring business’
website, where prospective writers can learn more about your mission within
education and accomplishments. That is a crucial element to your press
release. Don’t make writers search on their own for more information – guide
them quickly to your website.

A press release is a short, compelling document detailing product releases,
events, announcements and other newsworthy items that your tutoring business
produces.

The following tips of how to write a great press release will make your
business look professional, accessible and attractive to writers looking for
stories.



### Grab attention with a good headline

   
A strong headline will pull in journalists, who are seeking good stories. Your
headline should be as engaging and accurate.



### Get right to the point in the first paragraph

   
Reporters are busy people, who are always looking for the next big story.
Because of this they might only read the first sentence and scan the rest. Get
the message of your press release out quickly. Every important point should be
addressed in the first few sentences. The next paragraphs are the supporting
information.



### Include hard numbers

   
It is very easy to fill up a page the creative and colourful descriptions –
leave that for the writer. Focus on creating hard numbers and facts to support
the significance of your product or announcement. When starting a new tutoring
business, show number of how many students you have, their improvement and
grades



### Make it grammatically flawless

   
Proofread your press release before sending it out. Even a single mistake can
dissuade a reporter from taking you seriously.



### Include quotes whenever possible

   
Including a good quote from a student or parent can give a human element to
your press release, as well as being a source of information in its own right.



### Include your contact information

   
Every press release can become ineffectual without contact information. For a
report to be willing to follow up, there need to be contact information.
Whether it is you or someone else in your tutoring business is the point of
contact. Don’t forget to include an email address and phone number on the
release. Preferably at the top of the page.



### One page is best – Two is the maximum

   
As with most good writing, shorter is usually better. Limit yourself to one
page. This will also force you to condense your most salient information into
a more readable document.



### Provide access to more information 

   
You must limit your release to one page, but that does not mean you can’t show
people how to learn more. Providing relevant links to your tutoring business’
website, where prospective writers can learn more about your mission within
education and accomplishments. That is a crucial element to your press
release. Don’t make writers search on their own for more information – guide
them quickly to your website.
