---
layout: post
title:  Solutions to common problems : Staff issues
permalink: solutions-to-common-problems-staff-issues
---
If you have followed our advice on how to recruit your tutor team and how to
interview a tutor, we hope you now have a great team of tutors. Yet, some
problems can eventually appear as your business is growing. Here are some
examples of problems and ways  to overcome tricky situation.

What to do if... ** You have clients, but not enough tutors.  ** You may want
collaborate with other tutoring agencies, you can develop a system where you
get a percentage of the pay for setting up one of your clients with their
tutors. You can also post an ad on tutoring websites and ask for tutors.  **
You have a complaint about one of your tutors.  ** Discuss the matter with
them directly, see what kind of problem it is (time schedule, behaviour,
teaching methods…). Regarding that, decide if you should assign them to
another student or simply replace them. Remember, communication is key !  **
You don’t have enough students.  ** As for finding tutors, you can post an ad
on tutoring websites, you can also spread the word around your relatives,
friends. You might also want to post some flyers at local [ schools
](http://schoolsguide.brightyoungthings.co.uk/schools.aspx) and contact school
counsellors. A good way to spread the word is to ask your former students to
share their tutoring experiences with you on [ social networks
](https://www.facebook.com/) or with their friends.  ** You are going through
schedule issues.  ** If you or the student can not attend a lesson, aim notify
in advance and then reschedule the appointment. You might also want to set up
a cancellation policy as you experience this type of problem.  Let us know
what difficulties you come across and we'll try and help...

If you have followed our advice on how to recruit your tutor team and how to
interview a tutor, we hope you now have a great team of tutors. Yet, some
problems can eventually appear as your business is growing. Here are some
examples of problems and ways  to overcome tricky situation.

What to do if...

** You have clients, but not enough tutors.  **

You may want collaborate with other tutoring agencies, you can develop a
system where you get a percentage of the pay for setting up one of your
clients with their tutors. You can also post an ad on tutoring websites and
ask for tutors.

** You have a complaint about one of your tutors.  **

Discuss the matter with them directly, see what kind of problem it is (time
schedule, behaviour, teaching methods…). Regarding that, decide if you should
assign them to another student or simply replace them. Remember, communication
is key !

** You don’t have enough students.  **

As for finding tutors, you can post an ad on tutoring websites, you can also
spread the word around your relatives, friends. You might also want to post
some flyers at local [ schools
](http://schoolsguide.brightyoungthings.co.uk/schools.aspx) and contact school
counsellors. A good way to spread the word is to ask your former students to
share their tutoring experiences with you on [ social networks
](https://www.facebook.com/) or with their friends.

** You are going through schedule issues.  **

If you or the student can not attend a lesson, aim notify in advance and then
reschedule the appointment. You might also want to set up a cancellation
policy as you experience this type of problem.

Let us know what difficulties you come across and we'll try and help...  

If you have followed our advice on how to recruit your tutor team and how to
interview a tutor, we hope you now have a great team of tutors. Yet, some
problems can eventually appear as your business is growing. Here are some
examples of problems and ways  to overcome tricky situation.

What to do if...

** You have clients, but not enough tutors.  **

You may want collaborate with other tutoring agencies, you can develop a
system where you get a percentage of the pay for setting up one of your
clients with their tutors. You can also post an ad on tutoring websites and
ask for tutors.

** You have a complaint about one of your tutors.  **

Discuss the matter with them directly, see what kind of problem it is (time
schedule, behaviour, teaching methods…). Regarding that, decide if you should
assign them to another student or simply replace them. Remember, communication
is key !

** You don’t have enough students.  **

As for finding tutors, you can post an ad on tutoring websites, you can also
spread the word around your relatives, friends. You might also want to post
some flyers at local [ schools
](http://schoolsguide.brightyoungthings.co.uk/schools.aspx) and contact school
counsellors. A good way to spread the word is to ask your former students to
share their tutoring experiences with you on [ social networks
](https://www.facebook.com/) or with their friends.

** You are going through schedule issues.  **

If you or the student can not attend a lesson, aim notify in advance and then
reschedule the appointment. You might also want to set up a cancellation
policy as you experience this type of problem.

Let us know what difficulties you come across and we'll try and help...  

If you have followed our advice on how to recruit your tutor team and how to
interview a tutor, we hope you now have a great team of tutors. Yet, some
problems can eventually appear as your business is growing. Here are some
examples of problems and ways  to overcome tricky situation.

What to do if...

** You have clients, but not enough tutors.  **

You may want collaborate with other tutoring agencies, you can develop a
system where you get a percentage of the pay for setting up one of your
clients with their tutors. You can also post an ad on tutoring websites and
ask for tutors.

** You have a complaint about one of your tutors.  **

Discuss the matter with them directly, see what kind of problem it is (time
schedule, behaviour, teaching methods…). Regarding that, decide if you should
assign them to another student or simply replace them. Remember, communication
is key !

** You don’t have enough students.  **

As for finding tutors, you can post an ad on tutoring websites, you can also
spread the word around your relatives, friends. You might also want to post
some flyers at local [ schools
](http://schoolsguide.brightyoungthings.co.uk/schools.aspx) and contact school
counsellors. A good way to spread the word is to ask your former students to
share their tutoring experiences with you on [ social networks
](https://www.facebook.com/) or with their friends.

** You are going through schedule issues.  **

If you or the student can not attend a lesson, aim notify in advance and then
reschedule the appointment. You might also want to set up a cancellation
policy as you experience this type of problem.

Let us know what difficulties you come across and we'll try and help...
