---
layout: post
title:  5 Marketing Metrics Every Tutoring Agency should Track
permalink: 5-marketing-metrics-every-tutoring-agency-track
---
How does your tutoring agency monitor the progress of its online marketing
efforts? It’s all well and good putting in the hours [ promoting your agency
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/digital-marketing-strategy-can-help-grow-
tuition-agency/) , but what if your efforts could be better served in other
areas? How would you know? These are our top 5 marketing metrics that we
believe every tutoring agency should track using analytics software.

** Website Traffic **

The amount of visitors you receive to your website can provide your agency
with some interesting insights as to how your web pages are performing. For
example, if your website receives thousands of visits each month yet you only
receive a few student enquiries, then you may need to look at optimizing your
sales pages for maximum conversion. Tracking your website traffic can be a
great way to measure the success of your online marketing campaigns,
particularly if you’ve recently paid for advertising.

** Content Effectiveness **

Content is the reason that people use the internet and that’s why it’s so
important that your [ tutoring ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/tutoring-agency-
needs-blog/) agency has a well-maintained blog. Google Analytics or other
tracking software can provide you with information about the search terms
people used to find your website. This information can prove very valuable in
providing you with insights about which keywords your content has been
successfully optimized for and can help you decide which search terms you need
to focus on more.

** Demographics **

Knowing exactly who your customers are is essential for any tutoring agency.
Your analytics software will be able to tell you the typical age and gender of
your audience. This information is useful for many different reasons. For
example, you may discover that the average visitor to your website is over 60
years old, which may or may not be your target audience. This will also have
some bearing on the tone of your website copy and other navigational aspects
of your website.

** Geographics **

Unless your tutoring agency is national, you’ll want your website to rank well
in searches relating to your local area. By tracking the geographics of your
audience, you’ll be able to see if you’re marketing in the correct places. For
example, if your tutoring agency only operates in the North East of England,
any visits you receive from people in London may not be very useful to you.
For more information on how to improve your local search presence, read our
post on [ how to optimize your ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/local-seo-
marketing-your-tuition-agency-online/) website for local search.

** Referrals **

Keeping tabs on other websites that refer traffic to you can provide you with
useful information about how valued your services are. If you receive
referrals from a lot of high ranking websites, then you’ll know that your
tutoring agency is considered somewhat of an authority in the industry. This
may have some bearing on how you position yourselves in terms of marketing and
branding. Keeping track of your referrals also creates the opportunity to work
alongside other organisations that you know have an interest in your services.
What other metrics do you track on your website? Any that we haven’t mentioned
here that you think are particularly useful? We’d be interested to hear your
thoughts.
