---
layout: post
title:  How to Know When to Post on Social Media
permalink: know-post-social-media-2
---
Social media is an integral part of any [ tutoring agency’s marketing strategy
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/digital-marketing-strategy-can-help-grow-
tuition-agency/) but finding and creating content to post is only one half of
the social media equation. You need to ensure that people actually see what
you post. Here are our top tips for knowing the best times to post on social
media. ** Consider Your Own Social Media Use ** Have a think about when you’re
most likely to use [ social media platforms
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/social-media-strategy-for-tutoring-businesses/)
when you’re just browsing. Do you check your profiles first thing in the
morning before you make a start on your tasks for the day? Or do you wait
until mid-afternoon until you’re having your lunch before you explore what
everyone in your industry is up to? Perhaps you don’t check your social feeds
until the end of the day when you’ve completed all your most important tasks?
Whichever time you check your own social feeds, consider how others in your
industry might have the same or differing habits from you and think about how
this might impact when you post your updates. ** Trial and Error ** There’s
nothing wrong in experimenting with your posting times. The time of day, day
of the week and type of content can all have a bearing on how many shares your
posts receive and sometimes the only way of predicting the success of your
posts is to allow for trial and error. After a few weeks of experimenting with
your post times, you’ll be able to create a tailored plan for when you should
post certain types of content to ensure it reaches the largest audience
possible. Also, don’t discount weekends as a time to make social media posts.
Your target audience is parents and students, who are likely to use social
media at weekends and in the evenings. As a business, your working hours may
be out with these times but don’t forget that you can automate your posts
using software like HootSuite and Buffer. ** Third Party Research ** Of
course, you could go down the route of exploring what other companies have
discovered about the best times to post your social media updates. According
to content experts [ Add This ](http://www.addthis.com/blog/2014/04/03/whens-
the-best-day-and-time-to-post-on-social-media/#.VARlOfl5MwA) , the best time
to post on Facebook is between 9am and 12pm on a Thursday, whereas the best
time to post a tweet on Twitter is on Fridays between 2pm and 3pm. This
research was carried out using insights from their own websites visitors, so
you should consider how things might vary in the tutoring industry.However,
upon further research, it’s worth bearing in mind that you’ll undoubtedly find
conflicting information about the best times to tweet, so consider where the
research came from and which industries the studies looked at. When, in your
experience, is the best time to post on social media? Do you agree with the
research carried out by Add This? What has your own social media research
taught you about the best times to engage your audience? We’d love to hear
what you think in the comments below.
