---
layout: post
title:  "How to Create a Social Media Strategy in 6 Steps"
permalink: how-to-create-a-social-media-strategy-in-6-steps
---
By now social media is an essential part of the marketing landscape and having
a strategy, even for small businesses, has become crucial. If you are trying
to use social media to achieve your objectives, you need to plan ahead to
ensure your time spent on these platforms yields real and measurable results.
Below are 6 tips to create or increase the effectiveness of your social media
strategy. 

### 1 . Conduct a Market Research

First and foremost, you need to
gather market information to determine your audienceâ€™s interests and which
platforms will be most effective for reaching them. Then, you can create your
accounts and establish a virtual relationship, measurable through Likes,
Follows, Connections, Circles, Pins, etc. ** 2\. Set Your Goals and Objectives
** When you are setting your social media goals, remember they must be related
to your higher-level business goals and thus will be a bit broad. You might
focus on improving your brand awareness and reputation, interacting with
target markets, managing feedback or increasing sales by acquiring or
retaining customers. The next step consist in setting some objectives to
achieve those goals, which have to be SMART (Specific, Measurable, Achievable,
Relevant, and Time-bound). For example, if your goal is to increase the
percentage of viewers on Twitter, your objective will be to increase your
followers by 5% by the end of the month. ** 3\. Customise Your Content
Accordingly to the Platform ** People typically don't look for the same
volume, format or tone in content on different social media. The visual nature
of Instagram and Pinterest requires high quality graphics and photos, Twitter
can be used to participate in relevant conversations and broadcast short
messages or links to longer form of content. LinkedIn and Facebook are great
for sharing in-depth or multimedia content and starting conversations. ** 4\.
Build a Content Strategy ** Investigate how often your competitors are posting
and conduct industry research to see the ideal amount of content to publish
per day on each channel. Set up a weekly, shareable publishing calendar, then
separate by social channel, and provide columns for co-workers within your
social media team to provide their feedback before posting. Remember that
social media content must be relevant, informed and readable. ** 5\. Monitor
your Activity ** Set aside time to review the metrics related to your social
media goals, preferably on a monthly basis. You might focus on number of
posts, followers growth, clicks to your site / products, page views, post
likes or shares, impressions, etc. Look at each channel separately and compare
to your largest competitors. 

### 6\. Develop a Dialogue with Your Customer

Last but not least, do not ignore any comment posted to your account on
social, whether positive or negative. In case of complaints, offer an apology
and a solution: in this way you will get the opportunity to turn a
disappointed customer into a happy customer willing to talk nicely of your
company.
