---
layout: post
title:  Success stories : Coffee Money
permalink: success-stories-coffee-money
---
We have gathered testimonials from people who actually succeeded in the
tutoring industry, hoping you can learn the ropes of managing your own
tutoring business out of their personal experiences. Today's success story is
Neil's one.  Neil runs a charity in Ireland and in his spare time he teaches
people how to own their own profitable online business.  His areas of
knowledge and expertise are content marketing, blogging, [ SEO
](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Search_engine_optimization) , [ SEM
](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Search_engine_marketing) , social media
marketing, email marketing, copywriting.  ** A little bit more about his
background...  ** He has been teaching and coaching offline since 1984.  He
started teaching online in 2008.  He is a qualified soccer coach and began his
coaching career in the 80s coaching children in the UK, then Australia and New
Zealand.  In the 1990s, he began a new career working for Guide Dogs for The
Blind (UK) where he became a qualified Mobility Instructor - his role was then
to teach adults with a vision impairment how to use a guide dog as a safe
mobility aid. So, he taught the dog the skills needed to "guide" and then the
person who was blind how to "work the dog" .  When he began working online in
2008 he was offered an internship with a marketing company and in that role he
learned the ropes of running webinars, communicating with clients, creating
powerpoint presentations and managing webinar software in his role assisting
the tutors. From this role he went on to develop his own knowledge and
expertise and began teaching and running online classes myself.  Having
experienced both online and offline tutoring, these are some skills he would
highly recommend having if you want to succeed in that field :

  * ** Subject Knowledge **
  * ** Lesson Planning ** \- setting goals, objectives and deliverables. 
  * ** Communication skills ** \- prior to, during and post tutoring- in order to get the best out of everyone involved 
  * ** Time management ** \- critical both online and offline. Online, the added concern here is often working with different time zones. 
  * ** Coaching ** \- asking the right questions, agreeing action plans and creating accountability and outcome ownership for all those involved. 

###  ** Neil Ashworth teaches small business owners how to grow their business
online. Learn more about him on [ Google+
](https://plus.google.com/u/0/+NeilAshworthUK/about) or by visiting his [
website ](http://www.coffeemoney.co.uk/) **

###  ** Comment to share your own success story with us ! **

We have gathered testimonials from people who actually succeeded in the
tutoring industry, hoping you can learn the ropes of managing your own
tutoring business out of their personal experiences. Today's success story is
Neil's one.

Neil runs a charity in Ireland and in his spare time he teaches people how to
own their own profitable online business.  His areas of knowledge and
expertise are content marketing, blogging, [ SEO
](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Search_engine_optimization) , [ SEM
](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Search_engine_marketing) , social media
marketing, email marketing, copywriting.  ** A little bit more about his
background...  **

He has been teaching and coaching offline since 1984.  He started teaching
online in 2008.

He is a qualified soccer coach and began his coaching career in the 80s
coaching children in the UK, then Australia and New Zealand.

In the 1990s, he began a new career working for Guide Dogs for The Blind (UK)
where he became a qualified Mobility Instructor - his role was then to teach
adults with a vision impairment how to use a guide dog as a safe mobility aid.
So, he taught the dog the skills needed to "guide" and then the person who was
blind how to "work the dog" .

When he began working online in 2008 he was offered an internship with a
marketing company and in that role he learned the ropes of running webinars,
communicating with clients, creating powerpoint presentations and managing
webinar software in his role assisting the tutors. From this role he went on
to develop his own knowledge and expertise and began teaching and running
online classes myself.

Having experienced both online and offline tutoring, these are some skills he
would highly recommend having if you want to succeed in that field :

  * ** Subject Knowledge **
  * ** Lesson Planning ** \- setting goals, objectives and deliverables. 
  * ** Communication skills ** \- prior to, during and post tutoring- in order to get the best out of everyone involved 
  * ** Time management ** \- critical both online and offline. Online, the added concern here is often working with different time zones. 
  * ** Coaching ** \- asking the right questions, agreeing action plans and creating accountability and outcome ownership for all those involved. 

###  ** Neil Ashworth teaches small business owners how to grow their business
online. Learn more about him on [ Google+
](https://plus.google.com/u/0/+NeilAshworthUK/about) or by visiting his [
website ](http://www.coffeemoney.co.uk/) **

###  ** Comment to share your own success story with us ! **

We have gathered testimonials from people who actually succeeded in the
tutoring industry, hoping you can learn the ropes of managing your own
tutoring business out of their personal experiences. Today's success story is
Neil's one.

Neil runs a charity in Ireland and in his spare time he teaches people how to
own their own profitable online business.  His areas of knowledge and
expertise are content marketing, blogging, [ SEO
](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Search_engine_optimization) , [ SEM
](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Search_engine_marketing) , social media
marketing, email marketing, copywriting.  ** A little bit more about his
background...  **

He has been teaching and coaching offline since 1984.  He started teaching
online in 2008.

He is a qualified soccer coach and began his coaching career in the 80s
coaching children in the UK, then Australia and New Zealand.

In the 1990s, he began a new career working for Guide Dogs for The Blind (UK)
where he became a qualified Mobility Instructor - his role was then to teach
adults with a vision impairment how to use a guide dog as a safe mobility aid.
So, he taught the dog the skills needed to "guide" and then the person who was
blind how to "work the dog" .

When he began working online in 2008 he was offered an internship with a
marketing company and in that role he learned the ropes of running webinars,
communicating with clients, creating powerpoint presentations and managing
webinar software in his role assisting the tutors. From this role he went on
to develop his own knowledge and expertise and began teaching and running
online classes myself.

Having experienced both online and offline tutoring, these are some skills he
would highly recommend having if you want to succeed in that field :

  * ** Subject Knowledge **
  * ** Lesson Planning ** \- setting goals, objectives and deliverables. 
  * ** Communication skills ** \- prior to, during and post tutoring- in order to get the best out of everyone involved 
  * ** Time management ** \- critical both online and offline. Online, the added concern here is often working with different time zones. 
  * ** Coaching ** \- asking the right questions, agreeing action plans and creating accountability and outcome ownership for all those involved. 

###  ** Neil Ashworth teaches small business owners how to grow their business
online. Learn more about him on [ Google+
](https://plus.google.com/u/0/+NeilAshworthUK/about) or by visiting his [
website ](http://www.coffeemoney.co.uk/) **

###  ** Comment to share your own success story with us ! **

We have gathered testimonials from people who actually succeeded in the
tutoring industry, hoping you can learn the ropes of managing your own
tutoring business out of their personal experiences. Today's success story is
Neil's one.

Neil runs a charity in Ireland and in his spare time he teaches people how to
own their own profitable online business.  His areas of knowledge and
expertise are content marketing, blogging, [ SEO
](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Search_engine_optimization) , [ SEM
](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Search_engine_marketing) , social media
marketing, email marketing, copywriting.  ** A little bit more about his
background...  **

He has been teaching and coaching offline since 1984.  He started teaching
online in 2008.

He is a qualified soccer coach and began his coaching career in the 80s
coaching children in the UK, then Australia and New Zealand.

In the 1990s, he began a new career working for Guide Dogs for The Blind (UK)
where he became a qualified Mobility Instructor - his role was then to teach
adults with a vision impairment how to use a guide dog as a safe mobility aid.
So, he taught the dog the skills needed to "guide" and then the person who was
blind how to "work the dog" .

When he began working online in 2008 he was offered an internship with a
marketing company and in that role he learned the ropes of running webinars,
communicating with clients, creating powerpoint presentations and managing
webinar software in his role assisting the tutors. From this role he went on
to develop his own knowledge and expertise and began teaching and running
online classes myself.

Having experienced both online and offline tutoring, these are some skills he
would highly recommend having if you want to succeed in that field :

  * ** Subject Knowledge **
  * ** Lesson Planning ** \- setting goals, objectives and deliverables. 
  * ** Communication skills ** \- prior to, during and post tutoring- in order to get the best out of everyone involved 
  * ** Time management ** \- critical both online and offline. Online, the added concern here is often working with different time zones. 
  * ** Coaching ** \- asking the right questions, agreeing action plans and creating accountability and outcome ownership for all those involved. 

###  ** Neil Ashworth teaches small business owners how to grow their business
online. Learn more about him on [ Google+
](https://plus.google.com/u/0/+NeilAshworthUK/about) or by visiting his [
website ](http://www.coffeemoney.co.uk/) **

###  ** Comment to share your own success story with us ! **
