---
layout: post
title:  "How Your Tutoring Agency Can Make the Most of Social Media"
permalink: make-the-most-social-media
---
Running your own tutoring agency often means you don’t have the time to spend
on all the aspects of marketing that you’d like. That’s why important to
ensure you’re making the most of the marketing that you are doing and you may
even find that by streamlining some of your tasks,you’ll be able to branch out
into other areas. Here are our top tips for making the most of your social
media marketing when you have a busy schedule. ** Think About What You’re
Trying to Achieve ** Simply posting content whenever the notion takes you
isn't [ the best strategy for social media success
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/social-media-strategy-for-tutoring-businesses/)
. Consider what you’re hoping to gain from your social media posts. We’d
suggest that you’re looking to expand your outreach, encourage people to
engage with your brand and make enquiries about your services. If you want to
make the most of social media, you need to tailor your approach to meet these
goals. 

### Go Mobile

Make sure that you have your [ social media profiles
connected to your mobile devices
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/features/mobile-app/) . Download all the apps
you’ll need to post updates to all the platforms you’re active on. By being
able to post on the go, you can achieve your goals while you’re in between
meetings, on the tube or killing time before a conference starts. You probably
already check your emails during these times, so why not add your social media
posts into the mix too to ensure that you’re maximising your time.

![social-
media-on-mobile-phone](/img/blogs/social-media-on-mobile-phone-300x300.jpg)

** Automate
Your Social Media Posts ** There are several different tools out there that
allow you to schedule your social posts whenever you like. Tools such as
Buffer and HootSuite can be great for freeing up your social media time.
However, don’t rely too heavily on automation tools as you also need to engage
with others on social platforms if you want your efforts to be successful. If
someone replies to one of your posts, make sure you respond quickly and engage
them in conversation about their tutoring needs. Although automating your
posts can be great, you still have to follow up the leads. ** Share Rather
Than Create ** Your social media strategy doesn’t need to be entirely focused
on promoting your own content. One of the best ways to engage people on social
platforms is to share other people’s content. Not only is this quicker than
creating new content yourself but it can improve your tutoring agency’s
reputation for being an industry authority. The chances are, that if you share
someone else’s posts, they’ll thank you for it, which can then lead to further
discussion about how you may be able to help them. How do you make the most of
your social media strategy? Do you ever find yourself pushed for time? Do you
use any of the tips above? Which have worked particularly well for you in the
past? Please share your thoughts with the [ TutorCruncher community
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/how-to-build-an-online-tutoring-community/) in
the comments section below.
