---
layout: post
title:  "Why the Beginning of the School Year is the Best Time to Use a Tuition Agency"
permalink: beginning-school-year-best-time-use-tuition-agency
---
The beginning of the school year is often the most important for students as
their early performance is often an indication of how they’ll achieve
throughout the rest of the school year. Using a private tuition agency at the
beginning of the school term has many benefits, some of which, we’ve listed
here: 

### Complements School Work

 One of the advantages of [ using a
tutoring agency from the beginning of a school year
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/why-tutoring-matters/) is that tutors can plan
lessons to coincide with a student’s work in school. This enables students to
focus on specific topics that they need extra help with without falling behind
with other work in class. An added benefit of using an agency early in the
school year is knowing that a student’s tuition will be relevant as it mirrors
what is being taught in class. This way, students won’t be learning anything
that isn’t relevant to their coursework and they’ll be better prepared for
final exams when they come too. Many tuition agencies actually work alongside
schools, to this purpose. 

### Reinforces Good Learning Habits

 The longer a
student goes on practising bad study habits, the more difficult they become to
change. By using a tuition agency from the start of the year, a tutor will be
able to identify bad study habits as they happen and put relevant skills in
place to change them. As in all cases, identifying studying challenges early
on is the best way to plan for improvement throughout the school year.
Sometimes, teachers don’t have the time to identify smaller learning needs of
each individual student, so using a tutor ensures that these needs are
addressed accordingly. 

### Encourages a Regular Study Schedule

 One of the
most difficult things about studying is [ time management
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/time-management-techniques/) . Many students go
through their school career without having worked to a study schedule and this
can have a negative impact on their results at the end of the year. A private
tutor will ensure that students keep to a regular study schedule throughout
the year and during holiday periods, when necessary. The key to retaining
information and gaining a good understanding is to revise course work
regularly but in small chunks. Having a tutor on hand to set tasks and give
homework deadlines, will ensure that a student is dedicating enough time to
their studies. 

### Good Preparation for Exams

 Many schools don’t set aside
enough time for exam preparation and this is reflected in the fact that
tuition agencies are at their busiest during exam time. However, using an
agency at the beginning of a school year will ensure that when exam time
comes, students will already be well-versed in how to approach exams. Learning
about exam techniques is a very important part of a student’s school work and
without them, good students often fall short. [ A good tutoring agency
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/tuition-agency-ethics/) will focus on exam
preparation before it’s needed to ensure that students feel fully prepared on
the day and have the confidence to answer questions in the correct way. [
![exam](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/exam.jpg)
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/exam.jpg) What do
you see as being the advantages of using a tutoring agency at the beginning of
the academic year? How important do you think focusing on study schedules and
exam preparation is from the beginning of the year? We’d be keen to hear your
thoughts.
