---
layout: post
title:  What Makes a Good Tuition Agency Director?
permalink: what-makes-a-good-tuition-agency-director
---
As the head of a tutoring company, you have certain responsibilities that you
need to take on board. You need to ensure that students receive high quality
tuition, that your staff is happy and performing to the best of their ability
and that your business is making enough profit. This post looks at some of the
elements that make a good [ tuition agency
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/blog/how-to-start-a-tutoring-business/)
director. ** Good Leadership Skills ** As an agency director, you need to have
good leadership skills in order to grow your business. You’ll need to be a
team player but you’ll also need to be able to call the shots when it matters.
A good director is able to delegate tasks to the right people and make
decisions quickly. You also need to be able to think on your feet and find the
[ best ways to motivate your tutors ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/how-to-
recruit-tutors-for-your-agency/) to achieve their potential. Being an agency
director can be challenging, but if you show your staff that you’re a strong
leader, they’ll do their best for your company and remain loyal in the long
term. ** The Ability to Solve Problems ** Any manager will tell you that a
huge part of their job is to come up with ways to solve problems. As a
tutoring agency director, you’ll be faced with many hurdles throughout your
career so you’ll need to be resourceful enough to come up with practical
solutions to resolve issues and move things forward. Having a good industry
awareness can help in such situations, as can having a thorough knowledge of
how your business operations work. As the saying goes, ‘knowledge is power’
and the more information you have at your disposal, the more capable you’ll be
of influencing the outcome of a problem. ** A Clear Communicator ** As your
tuition agency grows, you’ll need to take on more staff, which means that
there’ll be more people in the supply chain of your business. It’s therefore
important that you have [ clear communication skills
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/communication-is-key/) so that everyone
involved in the operations of your agency knows exactly what to do. A good
tutoring agency director is adaptable in their communication and should be
able to speak to people at all levels as a big part of your job involves
networking and meeting new people. ** A Passion for the Agency ** Perhaps the
most important quality that makes a good director is passion. If you love what
you do then other people will recognise your enthusiasm and take an interest
in your business. Having a positive attitude and staying optimistic can help
maintain your passion through your career as a director. As with running any
business, overseeing the operations of your agency will present many
challenges but as long as you still have passion for your business, then
you’ll find a way to overcome any setbacks. [ ![Tuition Agency
Director](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/Tuition-
Agency-Director-300x199.jpg) ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/08/Tuition-Agency-Director.jpg) What, in your opinion,
makes a good tuition agency director? Perhaps you work for a private tuition
agency? What do you see as being the key qualities that a director needs to
have? Perhaps you’re the director – what do you think you do particularly well
in your role? Please feel free to post your comments below.
