---
layout: post
title:  "Best Practices For Checking a Tutor’s Qualifications"
permalink: best-practices-tutors-qualifications
---
According to [ a survey published in the Independent
](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/education/education-news/a-third-of-
employers-never-check-job-applicants-qualifications-survey-finds-9681286.html)
, a third of employers never check applicants’ qualifications. Whereas this
might not seem particularly important in some industries, in the tutoring
profession, alongside verifying DBS checks, checking qualifications is a must.
To emphasise the importance of this procedure, we’ve put together a list of
best practices for checking a tutor’s qualifications.

![reach your full potential](/img/blogs/reach-your-full-potential.jpg)

### 1\. Explain Your Verification Process to Applicants

Outlining your methods for checking tutors’ qualifications is an effective way
of encouraging applicants to be forthcoming with their credentials. Before
they submit an application to your agency, make them aware that the academic
information they provide will be verified before they are considered for a
position with your company. It can also be useful to outline your criteria so
that tutors know whether they are the type of candidate that you’re looking
for. This will also discourage anyone from exaggerating their grades.

### 2\. Verify Quickly

There are several advantages to carrying out your verification process
quickly. Firstly, it means that you can hire someone sooner, improving your
cash flow and meeting demand. It also creates a good impression of your
service as many agencies gain referrals from word of mouth. If, in the
instance that you do come across any discrepancies in a tutor’s
qualifications, the sooner you’re aware, the sooner you can speak to the tutor
about it. In some cases, the tutor may have made an honest mistake and you’ll
have the chance to speak to discuss the matter and decide whether it was a
genuine mistake.

### 3\. Check Tutors’ Qualifications at Source

Whereas asking to see a physical copy of a tutor’s qualifications can provide
the evidence you need to determine their suitability for your agency, this
method brings with it its own issues. For example, many people no longer have
their original qualification certificates and may not be willing to pay for
new ones to be issued. That’s where using a qualification checking service
like [ Qualification Check ](http://www.qualificationcheck.com) comes in
useful.

Their service will verify a tutor’s qualification directly with universities
and professional bodies, guaranteeing that candidates actually hold the
qualifications they claim. Not only does this save you time but it provides
you with an accurate record of your tutors’ credentials.

### 4\. Provide Feedback

Once you’ve received your verification from Qualification Check, you should
discuss the results with the candidate even it’s only to confirm that the
results matched their application. This reassures people that your agency
takes safety seriously and that you have high standards as a business. In the
event that qualification checks don’t match a tutor’s application, providing
feedback will give you the opportunity to express the seriousness of
exaggerating academic claims. As a matter of course, you should reiterate how
important it is to [ promote safety in the tutoring industry
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/safe-tutoring-agency/) . By confronting tutors
over fraudulent claims, hopefully, you’ll deter them from trying the same
thing with other organisations.

What do you see as being best practice when checking a tutor’s qualifications?
Which of the practices above do you think are the most important? What
processes do you have in place for checking tutors’ qualifications? We’d be
interested in hearing about your agency’s approach.
