---
layout: post
title:  "What do Parents Want from a Tutoring Company?"
permalink: parents-want-from-tutoring
---
Every student has different needs and every parent uses the [ services of a
tutoring company ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/) for different reasons.
However, there are some constants that parents expect as standard from a
tutoring business. This post explores what parents want from private tutoring
and how companies can meet those expectations. 

### Regular Contact


Understandably, parents want to maintain regular contact with their child’s
tutoring company. Parents like to receive regular updates and progress reports
on how their child is progressing. As a tutoring business, you should consider
implementing a schedule, where each tutor provides an update to parents at the
end or beginning of every month. Having this practice as part of your
business’s routine will ensure that all parents are kept up to date with how
lessons are going and it gives them the opportunity to ask any questions about
their child’s progress.

![Well Trained
Tutors](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/05/IMG_9214-300x300.jpg)



### Well-Trained Tutors


Parents who use tutoring companies expect the tutors to be suitably qualified,
have an up-to-date DBS certificate and to have undergone some form of
training. Although most tutors who work for agencies will already have
relevant [ tutoring experience ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/interview-
tutors-for-tutoring-company/) , as a tutoring business, it’s important that
you continue to invest in your tutors after their initial recruitment. Every
tutor can improve some aspect of their teaching and by providing regular
training opportunities, you’ll ensure that your tutors stay ahead of the game
and offer the best possible service to students. 

### Good Customer Service


This should come as standard but one thing that all parents expect from a
tutoring company is [ good customer service
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/tutoring-business-customer-service/) . This
means having staff on hand in your office, who can speak with parents and
provide useful information. Businesses should also have someone to cover
reception duties and handle phone calls and emails. People also expect
businesses to be active on social media and to reply to enquiries through
Facebook, Twitter and other social networking sites. As a tutoring company,
you should try to adopt a holistic approach to customer service and encourage
your tutors to adopt the same procedures as your other staff. It’s important
that your business has a documented customer service policy that can be shared
throughout your organisation to maintain a high standard of service.

![Student
Improving](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/05/IMG_8904-300x300.jpg)



### To see Students Improve


Perhaps the most important point on the list is progress. All parents want to
see their child’s grades improving as a result of private tutoring. It’s
important that your company has a thorough process in place to measure
students’ progress and to feedback accurate information to parents. You should
also ensure that your tutors are using the most effective teaching methods and
are adapting their approach to suit each student’s learning style. A good
tutor will be able to identify a student’s strengths and weaknesses quickly,
and create an effective study programme that will help them achieve their
goals. _ In your experience, what do parents want the most from tutoring
companies? Which of the points above do you see as being the most important?
We welcome your thoughts below. _
