---
layout: post
title:  "How to choose a good English Language School?"
permalink: choose-english-language-school
---
_ As more international students choose to study at UK universities, the
demand for English Language tutors is on the increase. But how do you know
which language school will best suit your needs? This is our guide to choosing
a good English Language School. _

[

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="/img/blogs/English-Language-1024x506.jpg" alt-text="English Language"/>
</div>

](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/English-
Language.jpg) Countries where English is the most common language

### Find out What the Classes Involve

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="/img/blogs/4388222172_8a7467fa06-150x150.jpg" alt-text="4388222172_8a7467fa06"/>
</div> Knowing what to
expect from your classes will help you make an informed decision about which
language school to choose. What are class sizes like? The more students per
class, the less of a tailored service you’ll receive. Do you know what topics
will be covered throughout the course of your lessons? Sometimes students
choose a class only to discover that they already know all of the course
content, or sometimes they find that the level of teaching is too high and
they’d be better suited to a lower level class. The more information you can
find out about classes before committing to an English Language school, the
better.

### What Does the Price Include?

You should also know what the cost of your course covers. Do you have to bring
your own materials: stationary, laptops etc. or are the provided? Are you
expected to buy your own textbooks and reading material, or are these included
in the cost? Some English Language schools also offer residential
accommodation and if you’re looking for somewhere to stay during your course,
you should find out exactly what your rent covers: are you expected to pay
your own utility bills? Will you be provided with food? It’s important to
consider all your needs when choosing an English Language school so that you
can make the most of your time studying in the UK.

### Ask What Methodology the Language School uses

Every language school teaches in a different way. Many schools subscribe to a
very specific method of learning English. For example, some exclusively use
the Callan Method, which involves listening to and speaking English as much as
possible with the teacher typically asking carefully structured questions.
Other language schools may use classical methods like grammar translation,
humanistic approaches which are more holistic or modern approaches like
principled eclecticism, where teaching is adapted to the student’s particular
combination of learning styles.

### What Qualifications do the Teachers Have?

Knowing how qualified a language school’s teachers are is also important as it
could have a bearing on the quality of teaching that you receive. In the UK,
Trinity College London’s Certificate in Teaching English to Speakers of Other
Languages (CertTESOL) and Cambridge’s ESOL Certificate of English Language
Teaching to Adults (CELTA) are considered minimum requirements for English
language teachers. Some language schools hire staff on a temporary basis that
may not have the relevant qualifications needed to teach the programme
effectively.

Have you ever used an English Language school in the UK? How did you make your
decision about which one to choose? What do you think is the most important
thing on the list above when choosing a language school? We’d be interested to
hear about your experiences.
