---
layout: post
title:  "Why Your Tutoring Agency Needs a Mobile Responsive Website"
permalink: mobile-responsive-tutoring-website
---
[

![Mobile responsive web](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/01/Responsive_Web_Design.png)
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/01/Responsive_Web_Design.png)

In the UK, [ 7 out of 10
people now own a smartphone ](http://mobilemarketingmagazine.com/7-10-people-
uk-now-own-smartphone/) . That’s a whole lot of people who could be searching
for your tutoring agency on their mobiles. In order to increase your traffic,
improve your ranking in search results and nail your customer service, you
need to have a mobile responsive website. Here are our top reasons why your
agency needs a mobile friendly website today: ** Your Website Needs to be as
User Friendly as Possible ** Okay, so your website might look good on a
desktop device, but if doesn’t [ convert well to mobile devices and tablets
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/features/mobile-app/) then people won’t spend
any time on your site. When it comes to navigating online, people want
convenience. As a tutoring agency, your website is likely to be visited by a
lot of parents, many of whom won’t be as tech savvy as students and parents,
so you need to make it as easy as possible for them to find the information
that they’re looking for. 

### It Improves SEO

 If you want to consistently
rank well in search engines, your website needs to mobile responsive. In 2012,
Google suggested that all websites should be mobile friendly and since then,
mobile responsiveness has started to play a bigger part in Google’s ranking
factors. A lot of websites lose search engine rankings because search engines
detect configuration errors when websites are displayed on mobile screens. **
People Can Access Your Information from Anywhere ** Nowadays, people search
for information on the go. As a tutoring agency, you want to encourage people
contact you from wherever they might be accessing your website. If your site
isn’t mobile responsive, you’re putting a barrier between you and your
customers, which won’t do much for your reputation or your revenue. If people
come across a non-mobile friendly website, they’re likely to leave and look
for information elsewhere. 

### Mobile Websites Have Better Conversion Rates


When people visit your agency’s website, you need to direct them to fulfil a
specific call to action, whether it be to make contact with you or sign up to
a newsletter. If your website is mobile responsive, people are [ 67% more
likely ](http://googlemobileads.blogspot.co.uk/2012/09/mobile-friendly-sites-
turn-visitors.html) to carry out any actions you request of them. The more
people interact with your website, the more likely you are to be able to turn
them into potential leads. 

### Future Proofing for Your Agency

 The way in
which people access information online is changing. At the moment, smartphones
and tablets are the latest trend for finding information online but in the
future, other devices will be introduced into the market that you’ll want your
website to be configured for. For example, people are already accessing the
internet on games consoles and smart TV’s and you’ll want to ensure that when
this really takes off, your website is primed and ready. Does your tutoring
agency have a mobile responsive website? What do you see as being the biggest
advantage to mobile responsive sites? If your agency website isn’t mobile
friendly, what’s holding you back from updating? We’d be interested to hear
about your experiences.
