---
layout: post
title:  How to Increase Your Billable Hours with Tutor Scheduling Software
permalink: increase-billable-hours-tutor-scheduling-software
---
One of the downsides to running a tutoring business is that you only get paid
for the hours that you’re able to charge for. This means that things like
administration, lesson scheduling and accounting are all done on your own time
and you don’t get to see any financial reward for doing them. Unfortunately,
this is all just part of running a business and there’s nothing you can really
do about it. Or is there? TutorCruncher’s tutor scheduling software
streamlines the whole business of running a tutoring agency, which frees up
your time to focus on building your client-base and increasing the number of
billable hours you can charge for. ![TutorCruncher
Graph](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/tutorcruncher-
graph.jpg) ** Find Key Information Quicker ** With TutorCruncher’s [ data
reporting tool for tutors ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/features/records-and-
analytics/) , you can access any element of your data instantly. Our software
enables tutoring businesses to generate graphical reports, so you can keep a
constant eye on your business growth. Having this key information to hand
whenever you need it allows you to make better business decisions and helps
you focus in on specific marketing activities. The last thing you want to end
up doing when searching for important information is sifting through columns
of spreadsheets. Our data reporting feature lets you find information quickly
and easily, which in turn allows you to spend more time increasing your
billable hours. With our data reporting features, you can keep up-to-date with
student and tutor records and lesson transactions all at the click of a mouse.
** Automate Your Emails to Parents, Students and Tutors ** If you’re still
sending individual emails to parents every time student reports come around,
you need to change your strategy. With our [ automated email system for
tutoring companies ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/features/automated-emails/)
, you can send feedback to parents automatically when the time comes. All you
need to do is have the email pre-prepared for sending whenever you want. Our
system enables you to save and update emails as you go, so that you don’t need
to spend hours writing updates for parents. Our organised email system also
allows you to store all your client emails in the one place so that they’re
easy to find in the future. You can also customise your email messages with
our shortcode fields, so that names are automatically input into emails when
you’re sending a mailer to everyone in your distribution list. ** Save Time
Sending Student and Parent Invoices ** One of the most time-consuming tasks
that a tutoring business faces is invoicing. Not just sending them but chasing
up unpaid ones too. With TutorCruncher, our software enables you to
automatically [ generate invoices and payslips
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/features/automated-invoicing-payroll/) whenever
you need to. Hours are logged automatically into our invoices, which means
that you can save hours transferring data from timesheets over to your
invoices. Our system also allows you to add your own company branding to your
invoices. ** Get Things Done Before You Reach the Office ** Who says that you
should wait until you reach the office before you start taking care of your
admin? With the [ TutorCruncher Mobile App
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/features/mobile-app/) , you can access any of
the features of our software on the go. We’ve built our scheduling software so
that everything is fully cloud-based and works on all platforms including
desktops, laptops, tablets and mobiles. The only thing that you need to access
your data is an internet connection. Given how much our software can
streamline your business operations, you could potentially have all your admin
tasks taken care of within the time it takes for you to travel to work in the
morning. _ In what ways do you think tutor scheduling software will increase
your billable hours? Do you have any tips on how to reduce your non-billable
hours and increase your business revenue? Please share your thoughts in the
comments section below. _
