---
layout: post
title:  "London, a tutoring capital?"
permalink: london-a-tutoring-capital
---
A recent poll produced by the social mobility charity The Sutton Trust
reported that in London, almost half (44%) of children received some private
tuition in the last year. Whilst this may be no surprise to those working in a
booming industry, it is still a remarkable statistic. Historically, tutoring
has always had something of an image problem. It is often portrayed as a tool
for well-off parents to buy additional educational advantages - an extra
safety net for “Tim Nice But Dim”. Whilst this may have been true 10 years
ago, these statistics tell a different story as in London at least, tutoring
has well and truly entered the mainstream, no longer the exclusive domain of
the rich and/or privately educated. [

![library-books-
cardiff](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/library-
books-cardiff.jpg)

](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/11/library-books-cardiff.jpg) Rather than being
denigrated as the facilitators of educational advantage, tutors are the
quickest growing group of education providers in the UK. What was once over
seen as post-university stop-gap, tutoring is emerging as a legitimate, if
still unregulated and un-certificated, profession, attracting passionate
pioneers who are becoming highly skilled in small-scale, bespoke educational
scenarios. This is both an asset and a drawback, as because tutors often work
largely in isolation, on a one-to-one basis, developing and accumulating their
own skills and materials along the way, but sharing and accumulating these
skills is not straightforward. Agencies play a crucial role in this as they
will enhance their competitivity by pooling their tutor’s resources and
fostering excellence among their tutors. It is not hard to imagine soon there
will be systems for professional organization and accreditation.  Groups like
Tutor Voices (  a new democratic national network for educators in the
Further, Adult, Community and Skills sector)  are helping give FE tutors who
work independently a voice in the education sector at large - private tutors
should take note.
