---
layout: post
title:  "How a Learning Centre Can Improve a Student’s Grades"
permalink: learning-centre/
---
Having access to a dedicated learning space outside of school can really help
improve a student’s academic performance. Attending one to one or group
tuition can make all the difference in helping students achieve their goals.
For those who haven’t used a [ learning centre
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/news-and-updates/how-to-start-a-tutoring-
business/) before, we’ve put together a list of some of the ways they can help
improve a student’s grades.

[

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="/img/blogs/pen-162124_640.png" alt-text="A"/>
</div>

](/img/blogs/pen-162124_640.png)

Complement School Work 

We’ve all been there, sat in a class, scratching our heads, too embarrassed to
ask the teacher to explain. One of the biggest benefits of using a learning
centre is that students are given the opportunity to ask questions in a
relaxed, one to one environment.

A learning centre provides the perfect environment for students to spend
additional time focusing on elements of their school work that they feel needs
more attention. Because learning centres provide one to one tutoring, students
are able to ask those questions that they wouldn’t otherwise ask in class and
receive an answer immediately, followed by a demonstration.

Focused Learning 

Unlike in school, where all students are taught the same subjects in the same
way and at the same time, learning centres are able to tailor lessons
specifically to students’ needs, ensuring that they focus on their weak spots
as well as their strengths. [ A good learning centre
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/beginning-school-year-best-time-use-tuition-
agency/) will encourage their tutors to create structured lesson plans, based
on evidence from schoolwork and assessments. Learning centres can also take
the time to understand each student’s personal learning style and adapt their
tutoring approach to suit individual needs.

Enhance Overall Understanding 

As is often the case in school, once a topic is completed, the whole class
move on to the next phase of learning. However, any gaps in a student’s
knowledge only widen as the course progresses. Learning centres provide the
opportunity for students to fill their knowledge gaps and catch up on any
elements that they missed or didn’t fully understand. This extra support helps
ensure that students are always on top of the learning and don’t become
weighed down by a lack of knowledge.

Learning at the Student’s Pace 

One of the great things about learning centres is that they encourage flexible
learning. Not all students learn effectively from a rigid school routine.
Learning centres bridge the gap between private study and the structure of
school by opening later in the evenings and offering flexibility around lesson
times. Many learning centres also offer a home tutoring service, where tutors
travel to students’ homes to save students travel time.

Making Use of Resources 

Most learning centres will have different resources on hand for students to
use as they need them, which is perfect for those who share computers at home.
Learning centres are usually good at keeping up to date with trends in [
educational technology ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/choose-best-tuition-
centre-software/) so you can expect to find iPads, laptops and eBook readers
at your disposal. Learning centres also provide the space that many students
don’t have at home, to study and focus without household distractions.

What are your experiences of using a learning centre? What specifically helped
you to improve your grades? What other benefits would you like to add to our
list? We’d be keen to hear from you.
