---
layout: post
title:  "International Tutors"
permalink: tutors-international/
---
<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="/img/blogs/Tutors-International.jpg" alt-text="international tutors"/>
</div>

International Tutors have seen a rise in demand over recent years as more and
more parents look to continue their children's education beyond just the
classroom and the home. International travel gets more affordable as private
education gets more expensive and many middle class parents have begun to
trade private school educations for a better international holidays and
private tutors that are far more affordable than private school. Simply
learning tuition can be a highly effective way of tackling the difference.

Alexander Nikitich remarked at the National Tutoring Conference this week that
the tutoring boom we have seen in the UK, is not just a local phenomenon and
the overseas market has seen a similar boom in business. Alexander also asked
whether VAT on tutoring in the UK should be dropped. If it is not, then more
tutors may look to provide services outside the UK, to save on Tax.

We predict that International tutors will become more and more prevalent as
this trend continues. Holiday homes abroad and a larger appetite for
international travel fed by cheaper air fares and easy online bookings will
fuel the global tutoring market. How can tutoring companies in the UK serve
this overseas market? One way is to have a separate branch of your business
that deals with international placements, or you can absorb this sort of
operation into your core offering, especially if you are at the higher-end of
the market already.

_ We would love to hear your thoughts on international tutoring and tutors.
Let us know in the comments, or tweet us [ @tutorcruncher
](https://twitter.com/tutorcruncher) . _
