---
layout: post
title:  "4 Marketing Goals Every Tutoring Agency Should Work Towards in the New Year"
permalink: marketing-goals-new-year
---
As another New Year begins, business owners are given the opportunity to
refine their goals for the coming months. As a tutoring agency, you may
already have your goals mapped out and that’s great. However, if you need some
inspiration for how you’ll [ grow your business this year
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/digital-marketing-strategy-can-help-grow-
tuition-agency/) , here are 4 marketing goals that we think every agency
should focus on. [

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="/img/blogs/target-418917_640.jpg" alt-text="Goal's Target"/>
</div>

](/img/blogs/target-418917_640.jpg) ** Share Your Goals with Others
** Whether you have a specific plan in place or not, sharing your goals for
the coming year will benefit your business in several ways. First of all,
it’ll motivate your tutors to help you succeed in your quest and it’ll show
your tutors that you care about the quality of education they receive at your
agency. Sharing your goals can also open up new opportunities as other
businesses in your area hear about your plans for the future. Perhaps, your
transparency will lead to new partnerships or projects? Remember, unless you
reach out and share your goals with other people, no-one will be able to help
you achieve them. 

### Improve Your Internal and External Communication

Every
business can benefit from improved communication. How will you ensure that
your tutors and students are kept updated with your announcements this year?
Perhaps it’s time to embrace that new technology or [ social media platform
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/make-the-most-social-media/) that you’ve been
avoiding for so long? Or maybe your internal communication would benefit from
some good old fashioned face to face meetings? And how about externally? Are
you making the most of your email marketing and print advertising? There’s a
lot to gain from casting your marketing net far and wide early in the New
Year. 

### Talk Less, Listen More

With all the challenges of running a
tutoring agency, it can be easy to forget to listen to what others are saying
around you. Asking your tutors and students for feedback on how your agency is
performing in terms of customer and staff satisfaction as well as market
share, can provide you with some useful insights to help your business grow.
Similarly, by taking time out to consider the tutoring marketplace, you’ll
also be able to spot market changes that you can take advantage off. What new
trends appear to be emerging this year? How can you get in on the act? ** Be
the Change You’d Like to See ** Whether you’re a [ tutoring agency director
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/productive-tutoring-agency/) or a tutor,
practicing what you preach can really help aim your business in the right
direction. By setting an example for you staff and students, you’ll inspire
them to adopt any new practices you introduce into the business. You’ll also
begin to establish your agency as an industry authority as your influence
starts to rub off on others. What are your New Year business resolutions for
2015? Do you have this year’s goals mapped out or are you still testing the
water? Which of our goals above do you see as being the most beneficial to
your tutoring agency this year? We’d love to hear your thoughts.
