---
layout: post
title:  How to Organise an Open Day for Your Tutoring Agency
permalink: open-days
---
One of the most effective ways to [ attract more business to your tutoring
agency ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/marketing-goals-new-year/) is to
organise an open day. Inviting students and parents to take a look around your
offices can be a great way to show people first-hand, how your agency
operates. Here are our tips on organising an open day for your tutoring
agency. ** Define What You’re Trying to Achieve ** Having an idea of what you
hope to gain from your open day is a good starting point. Perhaps your
principal objective is to encourage more students to sign up for your tutoring
services? Or maybe you’re looking to encourage other local businesses to
become a partner and help promote your agency? Your goals for the day will
determine how you approach the set-up of your event so make sure you have
these clear on the agenda before you start putting logistics in place. **
Decide on a Budget ** ** [ ![Money](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/01/bank-20795_640-300x200.jpg)
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/bank-20795_640.jpg)
** Arranging an open day for your tutoring agency is all about making a good
impression. You’ll want potential students to see that you’ve put an effort
into the event and that you take pride in how your business is perceived. Open
days don’t need to cost a fortune, in fact if you have all your promotional
materials ready, the event shouldn’t cost you more than the price of tea,
coffee and refreshments. How much you spend will likely be determined by who
you are trying to impress. Local businesses for example, may expect after work
drinks and food. ** Think About Logistics ** You can never be too prepared for
[ the logistics of running a tutoring agency
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/getting-business-savvy-the-operational-side/)
open day. In order to ensure everything goes smoothly, you need to think about
the event from every angle. Will your agency have enough parking facilities?
If not, where are the nearest parking spaces? Will any of your guests require
special facilities that your offices don’t currently have? You should also
think about staffing on the day. If you’ve invited students and parents to
your open day, you’ll probably want to have tutors on hand so they can chat
with students and give them an insight into what it’s like studying at your
agency. It’s important to brainstorm all these points with other members of
your staff to make sure you have everything covered. ** How will you Market
the Event? ** [ ![Marketing plan](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/01/Astore_Marketing_Plan-300x250.jpg)
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/01/Astore_Marketing_Plan.jpg) Having logistics in place
is only half of the equation. You’ll also need to consider how you’re going to
let people know about your open day. Consider using both online and offline
marketing techniques to promote your event. Make sure you [ post regularly on
social media sites ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/tutoring-agency-social-
media/) and encourage other people to share your event. If you have an email
distribution list, send an email to your current students, their parents and
your staff and ask them to forward the email on to anyone who they think will
be interested in attending. You could also consider designing flyers to
display in public buildings or in the offices of other businesses. You may
also want to advertise the open day in your office window. Have you ever
organised an open day for your tutoring agency? What was your experience of
the event? Did it go well? Do you have any advice you’d like to share with our
readers? We’d love to hear from you.
