---
layout: post
title:  "3 Ways Social Media Can Help Grow Your English Language School"
permalink: social-media-grow-english-language-school/
author: TutorCruncher
---
_ Your English language school may already be using social media as a matter
of course in your marketing efforts but do you really understand the true
benefit of using social platforms to grow your language school? _

_ For many, social media is still an untapped resource just waiting to be
unleashed as part of an effective marketing strategy. Here is our guide to
some of the ways social media can help grow your English language school. _

### 1\. Improve your Business and Student Outreach

The larger the audience you have on social media, the more potential students
and business partners you can reach. By sharing valuable content with your
followers, you’ll increase your brand awareness and encourage more people sign
up to your courses.

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="/img/blogs/images-3-150x150.jpeg" alt-text="Tutor Social Media"/>
</div>

** **

By being proactive and sharing your latest blog posts, school news and course
details, you’ll also encourage people to share your content with their
followers, thus increasing the amount people you can reach with your message.
Make a point of seeking out your competition on social media and see who’s
following them. By requesting friendships with your competitors’ followers,
you may be able to convert them to using your services instead.

### 2\. Increase Click Throughs to Targeted Pages

Social media can be a great way to drive traffic to a particular page on your
website and promote your latest course or product. Having more traffic to your
site increases the chance of you gaining new students. If you have well-
written landing pages that encourage people to follow through on your calls to
action, then driving traffic through social media can be a very effective way
of growing your business.

What’s more, increased traffic from social media platforms can also lead to
additional advertising opportunities. The more visitors your website receives
every month, the more you can charge other businesses for advertising on your
site.

** 3\. Improve Your Students’ Experience [

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="/img/blogs/smiley-heureux.jpg" alt-text="Happy Experience Tutoring"/>
</div>

](/img/blogs/smiley-heureux.jpg) **

Think about your social media accounts as an extension of your customer
service. Nowadays, when people contact businesses through Facebook and
Twitter, they expect to receive a reply within a few hours. If you make an
effort to respond to every social media enquiry, you’ll increase your
credibility and enhance your reputation for being a language school that
really cares about their students.

You can even actively encourage students and parents to contact you via your
social media pages with any questions they have about your services or
language teaching in general. Providing great customer service is all about
establishing good relationships early.

How does your English language school use social media? Have you noticed any
of the benefits listed above? What’s your language school’s social media
strategy? Our readers would be interested to hear about your experiences.
