---
layout: post
title:  "Why do Students Use Learning Centres?"
permalink: students-use-learning-centres
---
Students decide to use [ learning centres ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/news-
and-updates/how-to-start-a-tutoring-business/) for a variety of different
reasons. However, during our time as learning centre directors, we’ve noticed
some common trends in why students decide to seek extra help with their
studies. Here’s the lowdown:

  * 

### To Boost Grades



The most common reason that students use learning centres is to improve their
grades. Sometimes they notice a decline in their academic performance and turn
to one to one tutoring to help bring them back up to par. In other cases,
sometimes students want reassurance that they’ll achieve a specific grade and
although learning centres can’t give any guarantees, they can greatly improve
a student’s chances.

Having the undivided attention of a private tutor is a great learning resource
to have. Unlike busy classroom environments, students are able to take their
time over exercises and really absorb what they’re learning.

  * 

### To Improve Time Management Skills



We’ve noticed that one of the biggest issues students struggle with is [ time
management ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/time-management-techniques/) .
Setting aside time to study is all well and good but students also need to
ensure they’re spending their time productively. One thing that learning
centres do really well is to help students prioritise their workload. They can
help create study timetables that break larger assignments down into
manageable chunks. Using a learning centre can reinforce good study habits,
encourage self-motivation and ensure that students submit work within given
deadlines.

  * 

### To Improve Confidence



Sometimes all a student needs to improve their grades is a little confidence
in their own abilities. If a student feels equipped to deal with assignments
and exams, they’ll be far more likely to fulfil their potential. Because
learning centres offer a one to one, tailored approach to studying, students
often use their services to help with confidence issues. What’s more, as their
confidence grows, they usually begin to notice an improvement in their ability
to adapt to new learning styles and approaches.

  * 

### To Learn Exam Skills



We always find it surprising how many students feel they don’t have the
necessary [ skills to prepare for exams ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/exams-
revision-techniques/) . Having the knowledge and understanding of a subject is
one thing, but being able to present your thoughts under exam conditions is
another. Learning centres can help prepare students for exam day by working
through practical exam questions to help familiarise them with the context and
layout of the papers. Learning centres also provide the perfect environment
for students to sit mock papers, away from the distractions of the classroom
or home environment.

Have you ever used a learning centre? What were your reasons for doing so? How
did the extra assistance help improve your grades and confidence levels?
Please feel free to share your experiences with us.
