---
layout: post
title:  "Unhappy teachers = happy tutors?"
permalink: unhappy-teachers-happy-tutors
---
As a profession teaching has a reputation for long hours (holidays excepted)
low pay and often stressful working conditions. In studies it is teaching, not
banking or law, that consistently places in the top 3 most stressful
professions. It has become such an issue that TeachFirst now offers routine
psychological support to its new teachers to help them cope with the demands
of their new job.  Tutors can be recruited from many areas - high flying
graduates have always been a common source. But stressed, disgruntled
teachers, dealing with increased expectations and results-focussed education
must surely be another fruitful category. These days classroom teaching is
already heavily assessment-oriented so teachers are already experts in mark
schemes, model answers, syllabi and other performance enhancing exam-
techniques. In the selective sector, they also have an insider’s view of
school’s entrance procedures and criteria, interview strategy etc. which are
invaluable insights for prospective applicants.  These factors obviously
provide a complimentary set of skills to the archetypal high-flying oxbridge-
graduate tutor who has excellent academic credentials, but not so much
practical experience and exposure to the system they are attempting to master.
Whether they are looking for a change of pace and lifestyle, to cut back on
hours, stress, or just achieve more independence and a significantly higher
hourly rate, it is clear why making the transition from classroom teaching to
tutoring would seem attractive. 

![tutor-working-
smiling-c](/img/blogs/tutor-working-smiling-c.jpg)
