---
layout: post
title:  "The Benefits of Using an Independent Learning Centre"
permalink: benefits-using-independent-learning-centre
---
[

![tutoring-session](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2014/06/tutoring-session.jpg)

](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/tutoring-
session.jpg)

There are many advantages to using an independent learning centre over a
corporate or franchise education company. Independents tend to have a more
community-focused approach to learning and place a strong emphasis on
tailoring lessons to students’ specific needs.

A Tailored Approach to Tutoring 

[ Independent learning centres ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/students-use-
learning-centres/) have more flexibility in their approach to teaching. Tutors
are often given the scope to adopt their own learning styles, which means that
students can be better matched to a tutor who suits their way of working. At
the beginning of a block of lessons, tutors will normally create a tailored
study programme, which focuses specifically on students’ needs. These
programmes are often more flexible than those followed in corporate learning
centres, meaning that they can be adjusted accordingly as the student
progresses.

Involvement in the Local Community 

Learning centres that are independently owned usually have a strong
involvement in the local community. They make the effort to reach out to those
who may need their services and they also have better connections with other
local businesses. Independent learning centres tend to understand the needs of
students better, based on their locality and the opportunities around them.

Better Connections with Local Schools 

Because independents have stronger ties to local communities, they also tend
to be more involved with local schools. Tutoring agencies are often employed
in schools as part of the Pupil Premium, which has the added advantage of
agencies knowing what local schools teach. This makes it easier for learning
centres to create programmes that complement a student’s learning in school.
Having a good relationship with schools can also be an advantage for pupils
gaining entry into grammar schools and universities.

Targeted Investment in Education 

Independent agencies are in charge of their own budget, which means that they
have the option to invest in those areas of their business that will be of
greatest value to their staff and students. Independent learning centres are
also more likely to keep up to date with the latest [ trends in technology and
educational resources ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/digital-resources-
tuition-agency/) , as they choose their own equipment and materials. They’re
also able to make quicker decisions in regards to spending compared to
franchises or corporate agencies, meaning that their students will always be
on the cutting edge of educational advancements.

Being Part of a Community 

Perhaps the biggest advantage of using an independent learning centre is being
part of a [ wider community of learners
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/maintaining-and-managing-your-tutoring-
community/) outside the classroom. Independent agencies offer many
opportunities for students to meet people from other schools and feel a part
of something bigger. Being a part of a tutoring community also often means
being able to attend events that you wouldn’t usually have the opportunity to
be involved in. Using an independent learning centre means widening your
educational circle, which broadens your horizons and motivates you to achieve
your academic goals.

### **

**

_ What do you see as being the biggest advantages to using an independent
learning centre? What other benefits are there to using an agency that’s part
of the local community? Can you think of any other advantages that we’ve
missed? We’d be keen to hear from you. _
