---
layout: post
title:  "How your Tutoring Agency Can Set Your Students’ Expectations"
permalink: students-expectations/
---
<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="{{ site.static}}/img/blogs/5078917830_7f839d015c_b-1024x683.jpg" alt-text="5078917830_7f839d015c_b"/>
</div>

As a tutoring agency, you’re there to help students with their studies by
teaching them the skills they need to develop their knowledge and
understanding. It’s important that your agency differentiates between
empowering learning and simply providing answers. Here are our top tips for
agencies on [ how to set your students’ expectations
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/tuition-agency-ethics/) of your services.

### Provide a Clear Framework

[ When a student first joins your agency
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/beginning-school-year-best-time-use-tuition-
agency/) , make sure you take the time to go over the structure of their
lessons and what assistance you’re able to provide. For example, some students
may be under the impression that you can help with graded assignments or that
your tutors can actually do the work for them. By providing a clear framework
on how your agency operates and what your policies are, you’ll be able to set
your students’ expectations and ensure that they won’t be disappointed by your
service. It can also be useful to discuss best study and revision practices in
the lead up to exams.

### Clarify Everyone’s Role

Provide your students with information about their roles as students. What
does studying at your agency actually involve? How many hours per week of
extra study are expected of them? By confirming these points with your
students, they’ll have a clear understanding about how much of their education
is down to them and how much is down to their tutor’s input. It’s also useful
to explain the role of the tutor and to outline what they can help with and
how they are able to approach lessons. Let your students know that there are
limitations to how much assistance a tutor can provide without them engaging
in their own learning too.

### Set Clear Goals

At the beginning of a student’s lessons, it can be beneficial to set out some
short-term goals, so that they have a record of what they’re hoping to achieve
from studying at your agency. If students agree to a set of goals, you’ll be
able to manage their expectations consistently throughout their course of
study. You can also refer to this goal setting exercise after exam results
come through in the event that students are disappointed with their results.
Continually reviewing your students’ progress throughout their time with your
agency can also be a great way of ensuring that their expectations are being
met.

### Have a Two-Way Conversation

While tutoring agencies have a responsibility to set students’ expectations,
students should also have the opportunity to explain what they expect from
your service. Give them the opportunity to [ express their expectations
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/communication-is-key/) and confirm whether your
agency is able to meet them. Students may have expectations that are
unrealistic or lower than what your agency can deliver. It’s important that
these issues are addressed at the very start of a student’s registration in
order to avoid disputes or disappointments further down the line.

What do you see as being the most important thing in setting students’
expectations? How does your agency achieve this? We’d be interested to hear
about your strategy.
