---
layout: post
title:  "How to Create a Stimulating Learning Environment"
permalink: stimulating-learning-environment
---
Our environments can have a huge impact on how we learn. If your tutoring
agency offices are cramped and cluttered, the chances are that your students
won’t be getting the most from their learning. As well as the physical
practicalities of creating a suitable space, there are other things that
tutoring agencies can do to create a stimulating learning environment.

### Core Values

One way to create a positive learning environment is to practice what you
preach. Think about the [ core values of your tutoring agency
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/tuition-agency-ethics/) and what motivated you
to start your business in the first place. Let your tutors and students know
what your business ethics are and remind them of your agency’s approach to
learning. You may want to display your core values somewhere in your office
and include them in your newsletters, branding and email signatures. If your
staff and students understand your positioning in the education industry,
you’ll create a focused, positive place to work.

### Positive Atmosphere

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="/img/blogs/1280px-A_smile_a_day_keeps_the_pain_and_the_doctor_away-300x194.jpg" alt-text="Smile"/>
</div> Having a
positive atmosphere in your tutoring agency is important for your students’
learning. Make sure that your staff are encouraging and do what they can to
boost students’ confidence. By giving praise where it’s due, your students
will take something positive away from every lesson and they’ll be motivated
to continually improve their knowledge and skills. Perhaps your agency could
acknowledge those students who have

done well by mentioning them in your email newsletter or office noticeboard.

### Set Expectations

Learning is a two-way street. If your tutors and students understand [ what is
expected of them ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/how-to-encourage-students-to-
take-control-of-their-learning/) , your agency will be a productive place.
Some tutoring agencies have staff and student handbooks that they distribute,
which outlines everyone’s role within the agency. Asking tutors and students
to read through this information can be a good way to inform everyone of what
your agency expects of them. It’s important that staff as well as students
don’t become complacent in their roles and that they feel challenged and
enthused to providing an excellent service.

### Resources

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="/img/blogs/BCDS_Laptop-300x200.jpg" alt-text="Beaver Country Day School - Viewbook"/>
</div> Students nowadays are used to
having technology at their fingertips and your tutoring agency should cater
for this need. If you want your agency to be a stimulating place to learn,
then you need to [ invest in resources that students will want to use
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/digital-resources-tuition-agency/) . This
includes laptops and mobile devices like iPads, as well as printers, scanners
and Wi-Fi. Having resources on hand will motivate students to seek answers for
themselves and carry out their own research too. Encourage your students to
drop into your agency to do some private study, even if they don’t have a one
to one lesson booked. The more students who use your facilities, the more of
an encouraging environment you’ll create.

How do you ensure that you create a stimulating learning environment in your
tutoring agency? Do you use any of the methods above? Perhaps you have your
own unique way of creating a positive learning experience in your agency? We’d
be keen to hear about your approach.
