---
layout: post
title:  "Is your Tutoring Agency Making Use of These New Technologies"
permalink: tutoring-agency-technology
---
_ The face of education is changing and it looks like its set to go truly
digital. Whereas a few years ago, smart boards were considered the height of [
education technology ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/technology-teaching-ideas-
for-private-tutors/) , nowadays, it’s all about syncing individual devices
through mobile platforms.  _

** Cloud Storage [

![cloud](/img/blogs/cloud.gif)

](/img/blogs/cloud.gif) **

Is your tutoring agency still using spreadsheets to keep track of your
administration? If so, you could save yourself hours of inputting functions
and data by moving your agency’s administration over to the cloud. Cloud
technology enables businesses to access their databases from anywhere in the
world, using any device. Our very own [ tutoring agency software
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com) has been built using cloud technology, which
means that all your tutor invoicing and student lesson scheduling can be taken
care of quickly, easily when you’re on the go.

### Mobile Devices

According to a survey conducted in 2014 by [ Global Web Index
](insight.globalwebindex.net/device-q3-2014) , 80% of all online adults now
own a smartphone. If your agency’s website isn’t mobile responsive or at least
mobile friendly, you could be losing out on valuable traffic, leads and new
business. The mobile technology era has definitely arrived and embracing it
will help to grow your tutoring agency. More and more students are also
starting to use tablets at home and in schools to aid their learning. Does
your agency have mobile devices on hand for students to use as they need them?

### Online Learning

[

![online-learning-XSmall](/img/blogs/online-learning-XSmall.jpg)

](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/online-learning-
XSmall.jpg) Online learning in education is really starting to take off with
MOOCs becoming more and more established in the private tuition industry.
Making use of online or virtual classrooms can be a great way for tutoring
agencies to attract more business out with their local area. With online
learning platforms, students can log in from anywhere in the world and benefit
from a one to one tutoring session with a tutor from your agency. Online
tutoring also widens the scope for agencies and schools to work together in
delivering extra help to students outside of the classroom.  ** One for the
Future: Wearable Technology **

Although wearable tech in education is yet to be adopted as a staple of
classrooms and learning centres, [ edtech pioneers
](http://www.edudemic.com/guides/the-teachers-guide-to-google-glass/) predict
that Google Glass will become a useful classroom tool. With its ability to
carry out Google searches using voice recognition via a virtual projector
interface, the possibilities of wearable technology in education are certainly
exciting.

As wearable technology becomes more and more developed and prices become more
affordable, it may not be too long before tutoring agencies are using
wearables as part of everyday learning. For more information on wearable
technology in education, have a look at TeachThought’s post [ 36 Ways to Use
Wearable Technology in the Classroom
](http://www.teachthought.com/technology/36-ways-to-use-wearable-technology-
in-the-classroom/) .

_ Does your tutoring agency already use any of these technologies? What single
technology innovation has proven most useful in your business? What are your
technology predictions for the tutoring industry? We’d be keen to hear your
thoughts.  _
