---
layout: post
title:  "How Tutor Timesheets Can Help you Organise your Tutoring Business"
permalink: tutor-timesheets
---
Organisation is the key to running a successful tutoring business. Not only
does an organised agency create a lasting impression on students and parents,
but being organised also reassures your tutors and other staff members of your
agency’s professionalism. [

![Tutor
timesheet](/img/blogs/lesson-report-full-1024x633.png)

](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/06/lesson-report-full.png) As every tutoring business
grows, so does its administration and having organised systems in place from
the beginning ensures that your business won’t be affected by increasing
paperwork. One way that TutorCruncher’s scheduling software can help your
agency get organised is through our multi-directional [ tutoring timesheets
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/features/multi-directional-timesheets/) . **
Invoice your Students Professionally ** Our tutor timesheets help companies
generate bespoke, professionally branded invoices for students quickly and
effectively. You can add your logo to our timesheets and personalise their
look and feel to ensure they’re in keeping with your agency’s branding. Our
timesheets enable you to easily keep track of any outstanding payments and
allow you to run data reports on your income. A professional looking invoice
sent to students on time will show the attention your business pays to detail,
which in turn, will help maintain the reputation of your brand in the eyes of
students and parents. 

### Tutors are Paid On Time

As a self-employed tutor,
chasing up invoices on your own takes a significant amount of time that could
better spent on other tasks. With tutor timesheets, your agency can arrange
payments straight away, relieving some of the stress on your tutors. With
TutorCruncher’s timesheets, agencies have complete control over the scheduling
of tutor payments, which means your business can maintain a steady cash flow.
Our software allows you to restrict and release tutor payments as and when you
need once students have paid for their lessons. ** Third Party Payments are
Handled Effectively ** Every tutoring business has additional overheads,
whether it be ongoing marketing costs, advertising or third party referral
fees. With [ tutor timesheet software
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/features/multi-directional-timesheets/) , you
can pay third parties directly from the commission you make on lessons, which
enables you to keep track of ongoing expenses more effectively as all relevant
financial data is stored in the one place. As well as helping your agency to
maintain cash flow, paying third parties on time also encourages them to
continue to help grow your business. 

### Work out What Tax your Agency Owes

Calculating your tax doesn’t need to be complicated. As most tutoring agency
models go, you’re only required to pay tax on any profit you make from
commission fees, assuming that your tutors are self-employed and not employed
by your agency as employees. Our timesheet software makes the whole tax
calculation process simple and allows you to put the correct amount of money
aside incrementally for when your tax payments are due. How do you keep track
of your student and tutor timesheets? If you’re still using excel spreadsheets
to keep track of your invoices and payments, then you need a system that
reduces scope for error. At TutorCruncher, timesheets are only one of the [
features of our tutor scheduling software
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/features/) . There are many more features that
will help your business be more organised and reduce your overall
administration time. But don’t just take our word for it, check out some of
the [ tutoring businesses we work with
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/testimonials/) and see how we have helped
improve the way they organise their business operations.
