---
layout: post
title:  "The Most Common Business Mistakes New Learning Centres Make"
permalink: common-business-mistakes-learning-centres-make
---
At TutorCruncher, we’ve seen our fair share of new learning centres open in
recent years. Between what we’ve learned from running our own agency and
seeing others launch, here are the most common business mistakes that we think
new learning centres make.

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="/img/blogs/Doh.jpg" alt-text="Doh"/>
</div>

### 1\. No Launch Day

One of the best ways to create a buzz around a new learning centre is to have
a launch day. By inviting people to the opening of your new centre, you’ll be
able to generate some publicity in your local area, which can be great for
securing your first few students. The best way to launch a business opening
day is to plan in advance. Make sure that you have all your marketing in place
and announce your launch via social media and by sending press releases to
local news outlets.

### 2\. Not Hiring Enough Tutors

A lot of new learning centres find that their business grows quickly once word
starts to spread around the local area. It’s important to ensure that you hire
enough tutors in order to meet the demand from students. Core subjects are
particularly popular so make sure you have tutors who can offer services in
these areas. It’s also important to make sure that tutors are organized for
lessons and that they have all the resources that they’ll need to begin
teaching. One of the key elements of launching a successful learning centre is
to provide excellent customer service from the very beginning.

### 3\. No Processes or Paperwork in Place

Launching a new business can sometimes be a bit chaotic and that’s why it’s
important to have processes and procedures in place to fall back on. As long
as your staff understand their individual roles and responsibilities then
dealing with initial teething problems will be a lot more manageable. You
should also have all documents and paperwork in place including invoicing
systems, student resources and business tracking systems. Taking the time to
prepare documents and give staff relevant training in using them will be
advantageous in the long term.

### 4\. No Ongoing Competitor or Trend Analyses

Assuming that you’ve carried out initial research into competitors and
industry trends, you’ll already have a good idea about where the gaps in the
current tutoring market are for your business and where to position your
company. However, the tutoring industry moves quickly and it’s important to
keep ahead of the competition. By analysing your competitors’ performance, you
can ensure that you remain a contender in the marketplace and that you’re
either offering a better service or a service that no-one else has tapped into
yet. You should also keep up to date with all the latest tutoring blogs and
industry news.

_ Are you a learning centre director? _

_ What mistakes did you make when launching your business that could have been
avoided? _

_ How easy were these mistakes to resolve? What errors do you see other
learning centres making? _

_ What would be your advice to new tutoring businesses? _

_ We’d be keen to hear your thoughts. _
