---
layout: post
title:  "How Offline Networking Can Grow Your Tutoring Agency"
permalink: tutoring-agency-networking
---
In this digital age, when people hear the word ‘networking’, online forums,
chat rooms and [ social media ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/twitter-for-
tutoring-agencies/) are usually the first things that come to mind. However,
there’s a lot to be said for adopting ‘old school’ networking approaches and
attending face to face events or simply meeting prospects in person. Here are
our tips on how offline networking can help grow your tutoring agency.
![Offline Networking](/img/blogs/Young_Chamber_Networking_Function.jpg) ** Networking
Creates Opportunities ** Despite the popularity of online marketing,
practically every city in the UK still has face to face networking events.
These events offer great opportunities to meet other local businesses that you
may be able work alongside to grow your business. These events can create
opportunities for partnerships, advertising, customer referrals or simply to
spread the word about your. If you do attend a networking event, make sure you
have business cards created so you can give them to anyone who shows an
interest in the services you offer. 

### Useful Advice and Information

There
are some questions that Google simply can’t answer and that’s where face to
face conversation really has its advantages. Making new contacts gives you the
opportunity to ask for advice and get solutions instantly. Even if people
don’t know the ins and outs of your tutoring agency, they’ll still be able to
give their opinion as professional business people. Networking can also be
great for finding out local information. For example, maybe there’s a new
office space for lease that would be perfect for your agency? Or perhaps there
are plans to build a new school in the area that would really help improve
your business? This kind of information is priceless and can only be gained
from talking to people face to face. 

### Improve Communication

The internet
is a huge place and with so much noise, people don’t always get the
opportunity to ask the questions they want to ask about a business because of
all the distractions online. By meeting people in person, you instantly [
improve your communication channels
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/communication-is-key/) as you’re free to
interact without the pressure of closing sales and relaying information.
Interacting face to face can also help your tutoring agency gain people’s
trust. Meeting someone in person can be very reassuring to a potential client
who may have otherwise been sitting on the fence about using your services. **
Find Inspiration ** Often, the most inspiring business stories aren’t found on
the ‘about us’ page of a company’s website. Speaking to people face to face
gives you’re the opportunity to really get to know the challenges and
successes that other business have experienced and this can often provide you
with inspiration to [ do things differently with your tutoring agency
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/grow-your-tutoring-business-outreach/) . You
may even find that people have faced the exact same challenges that your
business might be facing and can provide useful insights into how to best
overcome hurdles What are your thoughts on face to face networking? Have you
ever attended a networking event? How did it help grow your tutoring agency?
We’d be keen to hear from you.
