---
layout: post
title:  11 Plus Kent Test Conference
permalink: 11-plus-kent-test-conference
---
######  Here at Tutorcruncher we are excited to affiliated with the National
Tutoring conference. They are organising the 11 plus Kent Test Conference on
the 21st October and we will be there.

##  ** 11  Plus  Kent Test  Conference  **

##  ** 1700 - 1930 21st October 2015, **

##  ** County Hall, Maidstone, ME14 1XQ **

The  conference  will discuss the current structure and lessons to be learned
from the new Kent  11  plus  , together with tests for admission for some
local grammar schools. Bringing together schools, teachers and stakeholders in
the  11  plus  Kent Test exam. Speakers confirmed: ** Peter Read: ** Retired
grammar school headteacher. Education Consultant and writer on education in
Kent, focusing on school admissions and appeals. ** Matthew Bartlett: **
Headteacher ** ** Dover Grammar School for Girls; Outstanding OFSTED;
regularly one of the highest Kent grammar performers at GCSE and A Level **
Emma Hickling: ** Headteacher, Kingswood Primary School, Maidstone, and
Executive Head of two other primary schools with wide experience of secondary
transfer and appeals. ** Marylyn Atkins ** : Retired grammar school
headteacher; independent appeal panel administrator having organised appeals
at six Kent grammar schools. The  Conference  will take place a week after the
second ‘new’ Kent Test results are published and there will be some
opportunities to discuss individual cases in the last half hour at least. The
conference  is raising money for children's mental health charity, ' Charlie
Waller Memorial Trust'. More information and early bird tickets available
please visit: [ www.  nationaltutoringconference.  org.uk
](http://www.nationaltutoringconference.org.uk/) and #Kenttest
