---
layout: post
title:  "How to Interview Tutors for your Tutoring Company"
permalink: interview-tutors-for-tutoring-company
---
_ So, you have a shortlist of tutors who you think would be a good fit for
your company. The next step is to invite them for an interview so you can meet
them face to face and confirm their suitability. The key to finding the
perfect tutor for your company is to conduct a thorough interview using the
same format with each candidate. This is our advice on [ how to interview
tutors for your company. ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/interviewing-your-
tutors/) _

[

![Interview Tutors](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/05/IMG_9468-1024x372.jpg)
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/IMG_9468.jpg)



### Explain the Interview Process



In order to make your interviewees feel at ease, start the interview by
providing some information about your company and the interview process. This
way, tutors will know what to expect during the interview and can adjust their
answers accordingly. It’s important to follow the same interview process with
every candidate so you and your interview team can easily compare each tutor’s
responses and decide which ones would be the most valuable to your company.



### Have Pre-Prepared Questions



This might sound like an obvious one, but having your questions pre-prepared
will [ make your tutoring company appear professional
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/become-industry-authority/)

. Where possible,
try to tailor your questions to suit your company’s values and mission rather
than asking typical interview questions. You should also ask your interviewees
to provide examples with their answers so you can gauge their level of
tutoring experience. Remember to be consistent in your questioning, so you can
easily score each candidate’s suitability.



### Know What you’re Looking for in a Candidate



Before the interview begins, you should already have a good idea of what your
ideal candidate should be. This will make it easier to identify suitable
tutors as they are interviewed. It may also be a good idea to share what
you’re looking for with the tutors at the beginning of the interview. This
will give them the opportunity to tailor their answers specifically to your
requirements and allow you to see if they are the type of candidate you’re
looking for.



### Assess Individually Then as a Group



Throughout the interview process, you should assess each tutor on an
individual basis and score them on each question. Afterwards, you should
discuss each candidate as a team and decide together who you’d like to offer a
position to or invite back for a second interview. It’s important that you
make a collective decision on who to invite to join your company as your team
may have varying opinions on who performed well.



### Invite Questions from the Interviewee



At the end of each interview, invite the tutors to ask questions about your
company, so they can equally decide if they’d like to work with you. This also
gives you the opportunity to see how well they understand your company and
what you’re looking for in a tutor. If candidates ask questions that don’t
relate to your company, then you’ll know that they may not be the best fit.
However, if they demonstrate that they’ve listened to your questions and taken
on board your requirements, then they could be perfect for your team.

What is your [ interview process for recruiting new tutors
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/how-to-recruit-tutors-for-your-agency/) ? Do
you use any of the methods mentioned above? How do you decide what makes a
good tutor?
