---
layout: post
title:  Five essential steps to running an english language school
permalink: running-english-language-school
---
_ Have you ever thought of opening your own language school? At TutorCruncher,
we’ve tread down a similar path ourselves in helping our users manage their
education businesses. Along the way, we’ve gained some valuable experience on
what it takes to run an education business, so to help you get started in
setting up your language school, here are our five essential steps that we
believe you need to follow. _

** Hiring a Teaching Team **

Finding the right tutors for your English language school is one of the
biggest challenges you will face. A good language school needs a team that has
experience and enthusiasm for their work. They should also be appropriately
qualified and demonstrate a good understanding of the various teaching methods
used when teaching English as a Foreign Language. As a language school
director, you’ll want assurance that your team can maintain high standards and
provide continuity to students during busy periods.

** Having Processes and Procedures in Place **

When you’re just starting out, you may not view processes as particularly
important. However, we advise not to wait until your language school grows
before having these in place, start now. As the saying goes, ‘start as you
intend to go on’. Having procedures in place early will ensure that your
language school is consistently offering the same level of service to every
student that attends your classes. Procedures also help set the expectations
of your tutors and sets boundaries. Your staff need to know what’s expected of
them and what their specific roles and responsibilities are.

** Taking Care of Administration **

If there’s one thing that we wished we had in place before we started our
education business, a user friendly and reliable administration system would
be it. That’s why we developed TutorCruncher, admin software for language
schools and tutoring agencies. With our software, you can easily keep track of
lesson schedules, workflow, invoices and payroll quickly and easily. With
TutorCruncher, you can also run data reports, send automated emails and
integrate the system with your current CMS.

** Meeting Student’s Needs **

Running an English language school is all about offering excellent customer
service. Not only do your students expect to see improvements in their English
but they expect to have your support with any aspect of their learning. Paying
attention to your students’ needs is essential and all your tutors should have
this as a strong focal point during their lessons. If students feel that their
needs are being met and their opinions are valued, they’ll keep using your
services.

** Targeting Your Marketing **

Knowing how to effectively market your English language school is one of the
biggest challenges every new business faces. We advise that you create a
marketing strategy before your language school launches, so that you have a
strategic plan in place moving forward. Once you’re faced with the daily tasks
of running a language school, you may find that you won’t have the time to
document a marketing plan. Have a look at what other schools are doing in your
area in terms of marketing. What seems to be working for them? Have you
noticed any shortcomings in their marketing efforts that you could learn from?
When it comes to effectively marketing a new business in the education
industry, quality is more important than quantity and the longer you’re in
business, the better you’ll know which marketing methods work for your
language school.

Do you have experience of running an English language school? Which of the
points above resonate with you the most? What advice do you have for anyone
looking to set up an English language school  ?
