---
layout: post
title:  "How to Encourage Students to Continue Using Your Tutoring Services?"
permalink: how-to-encourage-students-to-continue-using-your-tutoring-services
author: TutorCruncher
---
They say that in business, it’s easier to hold on to existing customers than
it is to find new ones.  So what can you do as a tutoring company to hold on
to your existing students? This post outlines some of the ways that you can
ensure  your  students  feel that they’re improving and that using your
services is worthwhile.

Identify Shared Goals and Values

As a  [tutoring company](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/tutor-agencies/) ,
it’s important that you appeal to your student’s goals. What do you offer that
they want? By getting to know your students better, you’ll have a greater
understanding of what they hope to gain from using your tutoring services.
This in turn, will enable you align your values with what your students care
about the most. For example, is your tutoring business particularly good at
raising grades at A level, or do you specialise in helping students gain
places to top universities? Whatever message your business delivers, it’s
important that students connect with what you offer.

### Be Transparent

According to  [Fortune Magazine](http://fortune.com/2015/07/15/millennials/), 
millennials value brand
transparency more than anything else.  The more open and honest you can be
about your tutoring business, they more likely students will be to continue
using your services. Sharing your success stories, staff restructuring plans
and marketing efforts can go a long way to making students feel like they’re
involved in your business rather than simply a service user. Word of mouth
marketing is the lifeblood of the tutoring industry and the more positive
reviews you get from staff, students and tutors, the more likely you’ll be to
hold on to your existing students.

### Offer Constructive Feedback

It’s important that students feel that they have learning points to work on
after lessons. By encouraging your tutors to offer constructive feedback,
you’ll enable students to have more control over their learning. Of course,
acheivements should always be acknowledged but in most cases, there’s always
room for improvement. By identifying one or two areas for students to work on,
they’ll feel that they are gaining something from their lessons without
feeling overwhelmed by the amount of work ahead.

### Make  Lessons Personal

One of the biggest advantages that private tutoring has over classroom
learning is that students have a tutor’s attention throughout the whole
lesson. By encouraging your tutors to
[plan lessons in advance](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/tutor-scheduling-software/)
and tailor them to
students’ individual needs, students will feel that attention is being paid to
their learning.

At the same time, lessons should also have an element of flexibility, so that
students can get help with particular aspects of a topic or with unforeseen
setbacks in the classroom. You should also send students regular progress
updates, written specially for them to highlight which areas they’re

doing  well in and which areas need some improvement.

How do you encourage your students to keep using your tutoring services? What
do you think students value the most in a tutoring company? We’d be interested
to hear what you think.
