---
layout: post
title:  What Every Tutoring Business Should Know About Customer Service
permalink: tutoring-business-customer-service
---
_ It’s the backbone of what every tutoring business should be built upon, yet
it’s surprisingly easy to lose sight of the importance of customer service in
your business. To help make sure that your business is offering great customer
service to your students, we’ve put together this guide to ensure you have
every aspect covered. _

[ ![Customer Service Tutoring](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/05/IMG_9165-1024x511.jpg)
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/IMG_9165.jpg)

** The Importance of Engagement **

Perhaps the single biggest truth about customer service is that it has nothing
to do with price or product and everything to do with engagement. Making the
effort to fully engage with students, parents and tutors can help drive more
business to your business. If you show that you’re a business that cares about
people more than money, your reputation for providing a valuable service will
indirectly help your business to grow in the long term.

The same applies to [ social media too ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/make-
the-most-social-media/) . Rather than using your social platforms to only
promote your services, make the effort to engage with your followers. Ask them
how you can help and engage them in a conversation.

** Why Your Business Needs to be Flexible **

The education industry moves quickly and your business needs to keep up to
date with the latest developments. In order to stay ahead of the game, your
business needs to be flexible. The more accommodating you are to your students
and parents, the more they’ll appreciate the value of your services. Rather
than saying ‘no’ to a student or parent request, try to find an alternative
solution that will benefit everyone involved.

** It Pays to Hire the Right Staff **

When it comes to [ hiring private tutors for your business
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/how-to-recruit-tutors-for-your-agency/) ,
you’ll want to know that your staff share your ideas on what makes good
customer service. You’ll want to recruit tutors who are willing to go beyond
teaching lessons and who are willing to offer advice and support whenever a
student needs it. It can also be a good idea to provide customer service
training to your staff so that your business’s reputation is carried beyond
your marketing efforts.

** Investment is Essential **

It doesn’t cost much to invest in the skills needed for good customer service,
but it does cost to provide your staff and students with the best tools for
the job. Without access to resources, your business won’t be able provide the
level of service necessary to maintain a high level of customer service.
Investing in resources like laptops, mobile devices and high speed internet
enable your staff to provide an even better customer experience.

It’s also important that you have a good [ tutoring management system
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/) in place that enables you to keep track of
student lessons and tutor invoices. TutorCruncher is the UK’s leading tutoring
software provider, enabling agencies to spend more time growing their business
while their administration is taken care of using a flexible, reliable system.

_ What is your tutoring business's approach to customer service? Which of the
points above resonate with your business the most? Do you have any further
customer service advice you’d like to share with our readers? _
