---
layout: post
title:  "How your Tutoring Agency can make the most of Scheduling Software"
permalink: make-most-of-scheduling-software
---
_ Work scheduling software like TutorCruncher can greatly improve the
efficiency of your tutoring agency. Not only will it save you administration
time but you’ll have more control over your tutors’ workload and everyday
business operations. However, there are some golden rules you should follow in
order to make the most of your tutoring agency’s work scheduling software. _

[

![Scheduling Software](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/04/unnamed-1.jpg)

](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/04/unnamed-1.jpg)

### Update Your Schedule Ahead of Time

Planning for the future makes it easier to schedule in last minute additions
to your agency’s workload, whether that be attending meetings or taking on new
students. For example, you may want to think about encouraging tutors to
provide you with holiday dates as far in advance as possible and asking
students to give at least 48 hours’ notice if they need to cancel a lesson.
The more proactive you are in keeping your schedule up to date, the less
likely you’ll be to double book tutors and reschedule student lessons.

### Develop Clear Policies and Procedures

If your tutors have access to your scheduling software, let them know how
often they need to update their schedule and what to do if they need to make a
last minute change. You should store your policy guidelines somewhere that’s
easily accessible so that staff can check what procedures to follow.
Similarly, you should also communicate your attendance expectations and have a
clear policy how you deal with tardiness and absence.

### Encourage Clear Communication

Despite the importance of having policies and procedures, it’s important that
your tutors feel they can still speak to directors face to face if they have
any queries about their work schedule. Tutors should also have direct email
access to directors and senior staff members in your agency so they can record
their queries in writing. Remember, work scheduling software should make
business easier but it shouldn’t replace existing communication channels.

### Plan for the Unexpected

Despite our best efforts to keep on top of our schedules, sometimes things
happen that are out with our control. Tutors may phone in sick, students may
cancel, data may be input incorrectly and we just need to make the best of the
situation. By planning for the possibility of these things in advance, you can
put measures in place to ensure that if the unexpected does happen, you’ll be
as best prepared as possible and your business won’t suffer as a result.

### Understand Every Aspect of Your Agency

It may sound like an obvious one but the better you know the daily workings of
your tutoring agency, the more equipped you’ll be to schedule your tutors’
workloads effectively. Plus, if any last minute changes occur, you’ll know
exactly what to do in order to move things forward. One of the great things
about work scheduling software like TutorCruncher is that you can generate
reports that provide you with valuable information about seasonal trends, so
you can plan for busy periods.

_ What do you see as being the biggest benefit of work scheduling software?
How do you make the most of your tuition agency’s databases? We’d be keen to
hear about your experiences. _
