---
layout: post
title:  "How to Stay Focused on your Tutoring Business"
permalink: tutoring-business-motivation
---
Whether you run a tutoring centre or are a [ solopreneur
](http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/239522) , finding the motivation and
focus to [ grow your tutoring business ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/how-to-
grow-your-tuition-agency/) can be challenging. Everyone loses track of their
goals once in a while and some working days are inevitably more productive
than others. If you ever find your enthusiasm dwindling and need some help to
stay focused on your tutoring business, then this post is for you.

![Tutor
Business Plan](/img/blogs/tutor-business-plan-1024x372.jpg)

### Revisit your Original Business Plan

If you
find that you’re losing track of your tutoring business or you’re not quite
sure where it’s going, it can be useful to revisit your [ original business
plan ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/how-to-make-a-business-plan-part-1/) for
some inspiration. As well as acting as a reminder of why you started your
business in the first place, this exercise can also help you gain more control
over where your business is headed. Perhaps you’ll realise that you've veered
off track in some way and need to realign your business values or mission. As
any successful entrepreneur will tell you, money is only a short term
motivator, what keeps businesspeople driving forward is the motivation to
create something of real value and principle. ** Review your Achievements to
Date ** Running a small business, it’s easy to feel that you’re only as good
as your last achievement. And if your last achievement was some time ago, then
it can be difficult to keep yourself motivated moving forward. Whereas it’s
undeniably important to set milestones for your business, it’s also important
to take time to reflect on the things you’re achieved while pursuing those
goals. By taking the time to look back over the last few months, you’ll
probably realise that you’ve indirectly achieved a lot of things you should be
proud of. Think of all those students you’ve helped over the last while and
how your teaching is making a difference to their futures. ** Delegate Tasks
** As a business owner, understandably, you want to be involved in the running
of your business as much as possible. However, there comes a time when you
need to take a step back and let someone else take the reins with particular
tasks. Delegating work to other staff members is the difference between
working _ in _ your tutoring business and working _ on _ your business. Giving
other people more responsibility within your agency helps free up your time to
focus on other areas, while your [ tutoring business continues to grow
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/tuition-centre-software-can-transform-
business/) in those existing areas. 

### Implement some Business Changes

As
the saying goes ‘sometimes a change is as good as a rest’ and adding something
different to your tutoring business can give help give you a new lease of life
and keep you inspired. Implementing changes to your business doesn't
necessarily mean spending money, it can be something as simple as introducing
a new subject to your services, or adjusting your working hours slightly, so
you and your staff can take a half day once a week. Or, if you run a larger
tutoring business, you may feel that now is the time to expand by appointing a
new director, opening a new centre or acquiring another smaller business. **
Take Some Time off ** If the methods above don’t help you align your focus,
then perhaps what you need is some time off. Running a tutoring business,
especially if you’re freelance comes with a lot of responsibility and there’s
the added stress of worrying where your next student will come from. However,
being self-employed doesn't mean that you should avoid taking holidays for
fear of losing out on money. Everyone needs a break once in a while and
spending some time away from your business can help give you some perspective
and the opportunity to review where your business is headed. _ What do you do
to ensure you stay focused on your running your tutoring business? What advice
do you have for others who are struggling to stay focused? _

### Have you read our eBook, [ how to start a tutoring Business ](http://www.amazon.co.uk/How-Start-Tutoring-Business-starting-ebook/dp/B00SNPQHMO) ?

[

![TutorCruncher ebook](/img/blogs/TutorCruncher-ebook.jpg)

](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/TutorCruncher-
ebook.jpg)
