---
layout: post
title:  "First 'new' grammar school in 50 years"
permalink: first-new-grammar-school-in-50-years
---
On the 15th October it was announced that the first new grammar school is to
be built in the UK for the past 50 years. It will add to the 233 existing
schools that educate 5% of the children in the state sector - almost as many
as the entire independent sector. This apparent change in direction in
education policy, to once again increase the size of the selective state
sector, will only add to parents’ anxieties and fears about school selection
and, importantly, their children’s preparation for the 11+ exam.  The school’s
planned opening has reignited the conversation about the methods currently in
use for determining ability at age 10/11. As tutoring agencies know, you can
tutor to improve performance for most exams - whether the 11+, GCSEs, common
entrance, or the American SAT exam - which was specifically designed to
measure ability, rather than knowledge.

![Artists' impression of the grammar school to open in Sevenoaks in September 2017](/img/blogs/artists.jpg)

Artists' impression of the grammar school to open in Sevenoaks in September
2017  The exact requirements for the 11+ already differ from county to county,
so tutoring companies need to apply some local knowledge to their students’
situations. But if the current government commits to expanding grammar schools
significantly it seems likely that this will come with some centralization and
rationalization of entrance criteria. The potential market for tutoring the
11+ is already big and only set to get bigger - but  tutoring agencies will
have to watch this space carefully and adapt to the changes in their client’s
needs.
