---
layout: post
title:  "Top Five Marketing Strategies for Tutoring Agencies"
permalink: marketing-strategies-tutoring-agencies
---
_ Tutoring agencies, like other businesses are understandably keen to adopt
new marketing trends, particularly those with technology at their forefront.
However, in the tutoring industry, there remains five proven strategies for
attracting new students, retaining staff and growing business.  _

[

![face-386626_640](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-
content/uploads/2015/03/face-386626_640.jpg)

](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/face-386626_640.jpg)

* 

### Word of Mouth Marketing

Personal referrals are still the lifeblood of the tutoring industry. If you
focus on providing the best possible service, then word will spread in your
local area about the quality of your agency. Satisfied students and parents
are your best source for new business as they’re likely to have contact with
other students who might need your tutoring services. Having a strong focus on
customer service will ensure that your agency develops a positive reputation
in your area.

* 

### Email Marketing

Perhaps one of the most overlooked aspects of marketing for tutoring agencies;
email is a great way to follow up on any leads you’ve received and attract new
business. We’ve previously written about [ email etiquette
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/email-marketing-mistakes/) in another post,
which you should definitely read if you’re new to the idea, but embracing the
idea of engagement is a tried and tested way to grow a business. Tell people
about your latest offers and promotions but be sure to provide them with
useful information as well.

* 

### Face to Face Networking

One way to build a presence in your local community is to attend business
networking events. Meeting other local companies can create several marketing
opportunities, particularly if the other business is in the educational
sphere. Partnerships, sponsor opportunities and other form of collaboration
can all be effective ways to improve your agency’s presence in your community.

* 

### Social Media

A popular [ marketing method for tutoring agencies
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/tutoring-agency-social-media/) , social media
can be used to effectively target your ideal audience. People are using
websites like Facebook and Twitter more than ever before, so your agency needs
to be active on these platforms if you want to grow your online marketing. A
word to the wise thought, it’s better to focus on two or three social media
websites and really add value to your followers rather than trying to be
active on every platform out there.

* 

### Search Engine Marketing

[ Search Engine Marketing ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/local-seo-marketing-
your-tuition-agency-online/) , or SEO, is a must for any tutoring agency
looking to expand beyond face to face marketing. Make sure you optimize your
website for relevant search terms in the tutoring industry and keep your blog
up to date with useful, valuable content. You should also look at applying on
page SEO techniques like internal linking and suitably placed keywords in meta
descriptions and titles.

What are your experiences of marketing a tutoring agency? Which of the methods
above to your think are the most effective for tutors? Do you have any of your
own marketing strategies that you’ll like to share with our readers? We look
forward to hearing from you.
