---
layout: post
title:  "Communicating with Colour"
permalink: communicating-with-colour/
---
This blog will address the aesthetic side of your brand construction. As so
often proves the case, [ research
](http://www.entrepreneur.com/article/1754288) demonstrates that it is the
seemingly simplistic aspects of building a company which can hold the most
weight in your customers’ perception of what you are trying to
communicate.Choosing a [ colour scheme
](http://www.usabilitypost.com/2008/09/29/a-guide-to-choosing-colors-for-your-
brand/) for your logo and website may seem trivial, yet is in fact absolutely
vital, as this will be your clients’ first impression of your brand. You need
to choose [ colours ](http://colorschemedesigner.com/) that people are more
likely to engage with and be receptive to, rather than your own personal
preferences. For example, with a tutoring agency, it might be best if you pick
colours which convey an image of professionalism - maroon and cream may be
more advisable than neon orange and black! Cool colours are more reserved.
Parents need to be convinced that you are established educators, so a more
conventional colour scheme as their first sensory touch-point will reinforce
your aim to demonstrate that this is true.

Although often a costly venture, your tutoring agency will be greatly
facilitated by [ building a company websit ](http://website.1and1.co.uk/how-
to-build-a-website) e. In this digital age a modern website is essential to
the growth of your tutoring business. We cannot stress the importance of
keeping your website simple and streamlined! Many parents will not even
consider engaging with a tutoring agency that does not have a website.

However if at this point you do not have the capital to invest in website
development it is not the end of the world. Registering with a number of
reputable tutoring directories, such as the [ Department of Education (OFSTED)
](http://www.ofsted.gov.uk/) or the [ National Centre for Social Research
](http://www.natcen.ac.uk/) is an advisable alternative so that you can gain
exposure.

So, have a think which way you are sending your brand before committing to the
colours which will define it's direction.
