---
layout: post
title:  "Recruiting your Tutor-Team"
permalink: recruiting-your-tutor-team/
---
One of the most important parts of building a tutoring business is sourcing
your tutors. Your tutors will be your brand ambassadors and consequently a lot
depends upon your recruitment process.If you don't have a big advertising
budget you can always recruit tutors by posting on sites such as [ Gumtree
](http://www.gumtree.com/;gtbuyersessionid=9BDFC759E5DE1F84A22877227A57DC83)
or posting an advert in a [ local newspaper.
](http://www.newspapersoc.org.uk/a-to-z-of-local-newspaper-websites) Give your
company a short overview and then encourage applicants to send you a short
covering letter and CV before inviting them to an interview.

After all, a tutoring agency is an enabling business that acts as an
intermediary between people who are looking for tutors and tutors wishing to
offer their services. Your interview process should at first aim to establish
whether your tutors are passionate about teaching. It will also serve to
validate whether they are qualified for the task. If your applicants are not
personable and engaged when conversing with you, the chances are likely that
they won’t make good tutors.

It would also be a good idea to think about whether your tutors will be good
role-models for children. This carefully considered approach will be a long-
term investment in ensuring your company build a reputation of delivering the
highest quality tutoring in your area.It must also not be forgotten that when
you hire tutors you assume a certain responsibility towards the child.
Although not compulsory [ DBS (previously known as CRB checks)
](https://www.gov.uk/disclosure-barring-service-check) are highly-recommended.
Last year alone [ a report published on the BBC website
](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-17508324) stated that over 4,000 offenders,
including rapists, paedophiles and drug dealers, applied to become teachers
last year only to be rejected after checks. As with employing anyone,
references are also a good suggestion to make sure you are making the right
choice. It is also a good idea to make sure that you build up a varied and
diverse tutoring team. You need to offer a variety of subjects for your target
audience. You may choose to hire some newer and more enthusiastic tutors, yet
may also want to get more experienced tutors on the books so that you can give
your clients the choice. Ensuring high quality is necessary to building any
brand. Take the above steps in order to be certain that your tutors don’t let
your hard work down
