---
layout: post
title:  "Digital Resources for a Tuition Agency"
permalink: digital-resources-tuition-agency/
---
With so many digital resources out there, it can sometimes be difficult for
tuition agencies to decide which are the most useful. To help steer you in the
right direction, we’ve put together a list of resources that will prove useful
in [ running your tutoring agency ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/digital-
marketing-strategy-can-help-grow-tuition-agency/) .

### Twitter Chats

When it comes to social media, Twitter is one of the most popular networking
sites out there. But are you using it to its full potential? [ Twitter chats
](http://academy.edukwest.com/twitter-can-help-grow-tutoring-agency/) are
discussions that take place on the site using a hashtag, usually during a set
time every week. In order to participate in these conversations, you’ll need
to know what hashtags people in the tuition industry are using and which one
refers specifically to the conversation you’d like to join. Twitter chats are
great for meeting new people, learning new things and discussing private
tuition in general with a new audience. And of course, you don’t need to
participate if you don’t want to. Many people simply follow the chat’s hashtag
and observe what others are saying.

[

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="{{ site.static}}/img/blogs/twitter2-300x300.jpg" alt-text="twitter2"/>
</div>

](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/twitter2.jpg)

### Podcasts

Podcasts are a great resource to help you keep up with the latest education
news and developments. They’re particularly good for listening to interviews
with influential people in the industry. They’re easy to download and most
people make them easily accessible on sites like SoundCloud, Stitcher or
Apple’s Podcast app. The good thing about podcasts are they provide you with
information on the go. You can listen to one when you’re travelling to and
from work, while you’re in the office or even when you’re at the gym.

[

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="{{ site.static}}/img/blogs/podcast-273x300.jpg" alt-text="podcast"/>
</div>

](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/podcast.jpg)

### Business Blogs

One of the best resources for private tuition agencies is [ education blogs
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/tutoring-agency-needs-blog/) . Make a list of
your favourite blogs and try to visit them at least once a week to keep up
with their latest news. Better, still, follow them on social media and read
their posts through your social feeds. Following business blogs can be a great
source of inspiration for growing your own business and it also allows you to
keep on top of what your competitors are doing. You may also want to take note
of their most popular posts and see which seem to be adding value to their
readers and driving traffic to their site.

[

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="{{ site.static}}/img/blogs/blog.jpg" alt-text="blog"/>
</div>

]({{ site.static}}/img/blogs/blog.jpg)

### Audiobooks

Don’t have the time to sit down and read all the business books that you’d
like to? Well, audiobooks can be a great alternative. As with a podcast, you
can listen to an audiobook anywhere using an iPod or another mobile device.
Websites like Audible offer monthly subscriptions, where you can download all
the latest releases and stay ahead of the game.

Have you ever used any of these resources for your tuition agency? Which do
you find the most effective? Do you use any other digital resources that
aren’t on this list? Any you’d like to share with our readers? We’d love to
hear from you.
