---
layout: post
title:  "Advice for Tutors: How to Inspire Learning"
permalink: advice-for-tutors-how-to-inspire-learning/
---
One of the biggest obstacles tutors face is working with students who have
lost their motivation. Uninspired learning can greatly affect academic
performance so it’s important for tutors to know to deal with students who are
lacking in enthusiasm. In order to help, we've outlined several ways that
tutors can inspire students to get back on track with their learning. **
Establishing Relationships ** As is sometimes the case with private tuition,
students often feel that their parents are imposing tuition on them, in which
case, they’re unlikely to have the motivation needed to take control of their
learning. If this is the case, begin developing a professional relationship
with your student by levelling with them. Showing empathy to your student’s
situation can often be the very thing that gets them on board with your
lessons. It’s important to outline the advantages that private tuition has and
to make them aware of the possible successful outcomes. Get to know your
student better on a more personal level, ask them about their hobbies and
interests, what music do they like? By showing that you’re interested in them
as a person, you’ll be able to find common ground and your student will see
you as someone who has a genuine interest in their learning. ** Parent’s
Perspective ** If your student doesn't seem to have the motivation to engage
with lessons, speaking with parents can be a good way of providing some
insight into your student’s situation. Enquire about their achievements in the
past. Has your student been a high flyer? Or have they struggled with their
studies? Perhaps their confidence has taken a knock somewhere along the line
and they need some positive reinforcement? Parents are a valuable resource in
a student’s learning and talking to them can often save you hours of detective
work yourself. 

### Make Lessons Interesting

If a student can’t find anything
interesting to hold on to, it can be easy for them to lose faith. Try your
best to keep lessons stimulating by using references they can relate to. Using
technical language is often a sure fire way to lose someone’s interest so
consider the way in which you explain processes and theories. When it comes to
sparking a students’ curiosity, try focusing on the practical aspects of
learning rather than the theoretical by using real world or everyday
references in your lessons. Sometimes the biggest challenge of tutoring is
coming up with ways of explaining old concepts in a new way. ** Rewarding
Achievements ** Setting small goals along the way can be a great way of
enabling a student to see the light at the end of the tunnel. There’s nothing
less motivating than feeling that all your studying efforts in vain. By
rewarding your student each time they achieve one of their goals, they’ll soon
feel encouraged to continue doing well. For younger students, a reward might
be receiving prizes. For older students, however, you might need to be a bit
more creative. Ask them to set their own rewards by asking what makes them
happiest. If they have a particular hobby or interest, ask them to use their
hobby as a reward for achieving in their learning. For example, a reward might
mean spending an hour playing a computer game at the end of the night.

Inspire learning,  TutorCruncher

_ What are your experiences of working with students who are lacking
motivation? What techniques do you use to inspire your student’s learning?
Have you ever used any of the methods above? Let us know your thoughts. _
