---
layout: post
title:  "20 Mistakes That Kill Start-ups"
permalink: 20-mistakes-that-kill-start-ups/
---
For every successful business, there have also been a lot of failures before
they even had a chance to market themselves properly. Below are the top 20
reasons why start up business fail. Make sure to pay attention as you might
learn from other people’s mistakes. #20 – Start the company at the wrong time
#19 – Not working full time on your startup

#18 – The location was not suitable

There has to be congruence between your startup's concept and location.You
need to be where you customers are so you can network. #17 – Be unable to
attract Investors If there is no money for your idea, you should reassess
whether there is in fact a market for it. #16 – Get outcompeted #15 – Burn Out

Balancing your work life does not come easy for startup founders often and the
risk of burning out is high. #14 – Lose Focus Getting distracted by shiny
objects means you will lose focus on your core business and you can risk
ending up with a less valuable outcome for your customers and yourself. #13 –
Disharmony with Investors/Co-founders #12 – Not using your connections #11 –
Pricing Issues There are no hard and fast rules for pricing. Yet a large
number of startups which failed, attributed product pricing that was too high
or too low to make money. Doing your homework by studying the market and
target audience will help avoid this. #10 – A “User Un-Friendly” Product #9 –
Dwelling or being married to a bad idea #8 – Lacking Passion and Domain
Expertise #7 – Wrong product timing. If you release your product too early,
users may write it off as not good enough, but if you release your product too
late, you may have missed your window of opportunity. #6 – I got this product.
Now I just need a business model. Business models are definitely not "old
school" as they create the credibility and roadmap that a startup needs to
succeed. #5 – Ran out of cash #4 – Poor Marketing #3 – Not having the right
team #2 – Choosing to tackle problems that are interesting to solve rather
than those that serve a market need #1 – Being inflexible and not actively
seeking or using customer feedback
