---
layout: post
title:  "A Bank Loan or Invest Your Own Savings?"
permalink: a-bank-loan-or-invest-your-own-savings/
---
Do you have a great business idea, but you’re in need of money and business
expertise to turn your dream into a reality? Or maybe you’ve already started
your business in the last 12 months, but you need further funding to grow?
There are two options for you: either invest your own money into your idea or
go look elsewhere to raise start-up capital.

How much money you can afford to risk on your business from your personal
savings and how much money you need to open for business will most likely
determine which option suits you best. Let us consider the pros and cons of
each potential money source. Investing your own savings into your business
definitely has a lower operating risk profile since you’re relying on
generating revenues and building cash reserves before re-investing it in a
slow and steady growth. This would also mean remaining your own person. You
would be accountable to yourself and won’t have the added pressure of having
someone else’s funds invested in your venture nor the burden of their
expectations. Mind you, you will still feel a lot of personal pressure given
that you stand to lose both financially and in terms of time if the start-up
fails. However, if your business proves to be successful, you retain the
largest possible share in your venture and stand to gain from its success or
exit in the long term. Some ideas require a significant investment right at
the very start, so it is possible that investing yourself this way might not
be an option after all. Asking other people to put money into your business
has a lot of advantages and is definitely worth consideration. Not only will
you have advisers to back you up and give your business the financial push it
needs, you will also feel the healthy pressure to keep the momentum of growth.
As mentioned before this presence of other investors can, however, also
backfire in case advisers get too pushy in your business.
