---
layout: post
title:  "Tuition Agencies: How to Prepare For Busy Periods"
permalink: tuition-agencies-how-to-prepare-for-busy-periods/
redirect_from: 
  - /how-to-start-a-tuition-business1/how-to-grow-your-tuition-agency3132014/
  - /how-to-start-a-tuition-business1/tuition-agencies-how-to-prepare-for-busy-periods2242014/
---
Demand for private tuition can often be seasonal, with particularly busy
periods leading up to exam time. Busy periods can be stressful for any
business and with increased pressure from parents for students to do well,
agency staff often find themselves working overtime to keep up with demand. To
help ease the pressure of these busy times, we've put together a list of
actions tuition agencies can take to ensure everything runs smoothly. ** Plan
Ahead ** Looking back over previous year’s income reports can provide useful
insights into when busy periods are likely to occur. Being able to forecast an
increase in demand allows agencies time to prepare for a rush of students
looking for extra tuition. This might involve organising extra space within
your building or arranging for tutors to visit students at home if your
service doesn't already offer this option. Planning ahead can also ensure that
stock orders are accurate as larger orders of textbooks, stationary and
computer equipment might be needed. 

### Increase staff

One way to keep up
with demand during busy periods is to take on extra tutors. Having extra staff
on hand means you can book more lessons without having to add names to your
waiting list. Many tutors actively look for work in the lead up to exams so
advertising for new staff should attract quite a lot of interest. For more
information on increasing your agency staff, have a read of our post on how to
recruit tutors for your agency. Similarly, hiring extra admin staff can help
ease the strain on paperwork and ensure that tutors are paid on time. ** Offer
Group Tuition ** In order to reduce the number of students who are placed on
your waiting list, why not organise group tuition sessions, focusing on one
particular subject? Not only will this reduce waiting periods but students
will still benefit from extra study time. Group tuition can be a great way to
encourage group work among students and develop independent study skills. In
the classroom, lessons are often dominated by the same pupils asking
questions, however, in smaller groups, students who wouldn't normally be as
forthcoming in speaking out are given the chance to express their opinions. **
Summer Schools ** With common entrance exams often scheduled for early
September, the demand for tuition doesn't necessarily stop over summer.
Running a summer school can be an effective way of accommodating students
during a period where a lot of tutors take holidays. By checking your staff
availability, you can easily create a 6 week summer school programme, focusing
on exam revision and techniques. And these group sessions don’t have to be
limited to summer. Group lessons can be arranged during any holiday period and
provide the perfect solution to agencies who want to manage waiting list times
better.
