---
layout: post
title:  "5 Core Marketing Activities Your Tutoring Agency Should Focus On"
permalink: 5_core_marketing_activities_focus/
---
Particularly when your tutoring agency is in its early stages, it can be
challenging to refine your marketing focus with so many different options
available. While it’s good to try new methods and experiment with different
strategies, there remains five activities that every tutoring agency should
implement as part of their [ core marketing strategy
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/4-things-should-know-marketing/) . ** Marketing
Planning ** A marketing plan isn’t something that you write once then let it
gather dust in a drawer. If you want to continually grow your agency, then you
need to refer to your original strategy frequently. You may find that after
several months, you’ve veered off track with your marketing efforts and need
to realign, in keeping with your original plan. Consulting your marketing plan
will also let you see how much you’ve achieved since your business’ launch and
enables you to refine your strategy for the longer term. Remember, you can
adjust your plan at any time to suit your business’ current situation
according to market trends and recent developments. 

### Marketing Materials

Whether most of your marketing is done online or offline, you need to keep
your marketing materials up to date. In the online world, this means ensuring
that your website is regularly updated with new content and its design is in
keeping with your current position in the tutoring marketplace. If you’ve
recently changed your pricing structure, make sure the new information is on
your website alongside any other recent changes. Do your business cards and
flyers need updating? As your business grows, you’ll want to update your
offline marketing materials too, to ensure that they’re working for your
agency as best they can. 

### Face to Face Networking￼

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="http://www.exordo.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/networking.jpg" alt-text=""/>
</div> In
the digital world, it can be easy to ignore one to one networking in favour of
social media or email. However, face to face relationship building still plays
a huge role in the growth of tutoring agencies, particularly for local
agencies. Find out where your local networking events take place and prepare
your elevator pitch to help spread the word about your business. Also consider
where students and parents are likely to gather and arrange to speak to some
of them about the services you offer. 

### Email Marketing

[ Promoting your
tutoring services by email ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/email-marketing-
mistakes/) remains one of the most effective ways of generating new business
for your agency. Let your distribution list know about any offers or
promotions that your agency is running to entice them to try out your
services. Likewise, send your customers regular updates about what your agency
has been up to alongside the latest news from the tutoring industry. It’s
important to keep in contact with your email lists to remind them that you’re
there to help. 

### Social Media Marketing

Definitely one of the core
strategies of any [ tutoring agency’s marketing strategy
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/digital-marketing-strategy-can-help-grow-
tuition-agency/) , social media can play a significant role in the way you
market your business and engage with customers. You don’t need to post on
social media all the time; a few updates a week can be enough to get you
started. Starting conversations on social networking platforms can be a great
way of attracting new business to your agency and spreading the word about
your brand in your local area. Virtually everyone uses some form of social
media today so make sure you have a presence across the most relevant
platforms in the industry. **
<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="https://c2.staticflickr.com/4/3267/3256031851_6d0a863f71_z.jpg?zz=1" alt-text=""/>
</div> What
are the core marketing activities that your tutoring agency focuses on? How
easily do you become distracted from these important elements? What other
activities do you see as being the most important to tutoring agencies? We
welcome your thoughts. **
