---
layout: post
title:  "Why TutorCruncher likes Teachable.net"
permalink: why-tutorcruncher-likes-teachable-net/
---
Teachable.net is an online platform which provides access to a wide range of
documents which can help teachers improve their lessons. This resource panel
offers a variety of subjects going from science to languages which are ranked
by reviews of both editors and users. Meaning, it is easy to find the
necessary lessons which are most relevant to the user. Also, browsing for the
right document is easy given the multiple search tools provided. You can
search by subject, topic, age and even ability level. Easy to use, accessible
and high-quality files for teaching are just few of the words associated with
Teachable.net. Now how exactly do you access these resources? It’s fairly
easy. Go to www.teachable.net and create an account online. You can get a
basic subscription for only £5 a month. After signing in, the files are
immediately at your disposal. Doing this will help save you time considerably,
give you new ideas or a look on how other teacher tackle the same studying
units in their classes. Teachable.net is a very low-cost service which can
also benefit you. That is to say, you can help other teachers, by handing in
your own material and therefore make money on the side yourself. You will of
course still own the copyright to the documents. In case you only want to
share the content for an altruistic cause, teachable.net can directly to give
you royalties to a charity chosen by you.
