---
layout: post
title:  "How to Optimize Your Tutoring Agency’s Blog"
permalink: optimize-tutoring-agencys-blog/
---
In a digital age where everyone’s obsessed with SEO, we often forget to put
our blog readers’

<div class="img-holder full-width">
   <img src="{{ site.static}}/img/blogs/ps_overview_engage-300x206.jpg" alt-text="ps_overview_engage"/>
</div>

experiences at the
forefront of our efforts. How engaged are your [ blog readers
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/blogging-ideas-tutoring-agency/) with your
content? Would you like them to be more so? Here are our top tips for
optimizing your tutoring agency’s blog for your audience. ** Target Your
Content ** Whereas keywords are undoubtedly important for search engine
rankings, you also want to ensure that your content is relevant enough to your
readers to get them to stick around. The best approach to targeting your
content is to offer as much value to your readers as possible. What will they
be interested in reading about? What is everyone in your industry dying to
know? If you can tap into what the tutoring industry really wants to read
about, then you’ll ensure people keep coming back for more. ** Enable Easy
Navigation ** There’s nothing more off-putting than a blog that’s difficult to
navigate around. Make sure that your blog is filterable by categories so that
people can easily find the types of articles that they’re looking for. It’s
also a good idea to have a search bar implemented into your blog so your
readers can search for posts by keywords and phrases. Perhaps most importantly
for bounce rates, having [ related ](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/tutoring-
agency-needs-blog/) [ articles on your blog
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/tutoring-agency-needs-blog/) can encourage
people to read beyond your first article, which means they’re more likely to
stick around to fulfil your website’s calls to action. ** Allow Social Sharing
** Every blog should be active on [ social media websites
](http://www.tutorcruncher.com/make-the-most-social-media/) . In the tutoring
industry, some social platforms work more effectively than others so it can
help to spend some time determining which sites will be most effective for
your agency. In any case, your audience will likely be active on sites that
you’re not, so you should enable the option for your posts to be shared on
those sites too. With more and more people now active on social media than
ever before, you’re missing a trick if you aren’t optimizing your blog for
social platforms. 

### Use Effective Calls to Action

There’s a reason that
your tutoring agency has its own blog. Above all else, it’s to promote your
services. It’s important to make sure that your blog posts have calls to
action that signpost your readers to get in touch with you or to ask questions
about what you can offer. These can be contained within the blog posts
themselves, or in the side bar of your navigation menu. Including a contact
form underneath your blog categories or search bar clearly shows your readers
what you want them to do once they’ve visited your blog pages. What techniques
have you employed to optimize your tutoring agency’s blog? Which methods do
you find most effective in engaging with your readers? Are there any points
that you’d add to this post? We’d be keen to hear your thoughts.
